 We had had relatives over and they had just left and you were doing your nightly routine of checking all the locks and letting out the dog once before bed. You didn't notice me go into the bedroom as you went to the bathroom for your shower and you couldn't hear me as I changed into my new lingerie that I had hidden from you so I could surprise you. As I listened the water stopped and I knew it wouldn't be long before you came in and caught me so I positioned the pillows on the right corner of the bed and I knelt on the other side waiting for you to come in and see your surprise.

The view to you as you walked in was me on my knees on the bed dressed in a very short plaid mini skirt and a white button up dress shirt that was so low cut you could almost see my nipples. On my legs I wore thigh high white stockings held up by the white lace garter belt that was peeking out from beneath my skirt since the skirt was up so high in the position I was waiting for you. I looked at you and smiled an innocent smile like I could do no wrong and you noticed the white pearl headband in my hair with the pink bow attached and you smiled at me. I held my finger to my mouth as if to say be quiet and motioned for you to lay down on the bed where I had lain the pillows so that you could watch as I gave you pleasure. You lay down and were still wearing your boxers so I got between your legs and removed them and playfully tickled your feet as I threw the boxers to the floor. 

I lay down between your legs getting myself comfortable and making sure that you could see my stocking clad legs in the air as I got closer to my prize and my left hand went to your balls to gently stroke them as I moved my right hand to your cock. Holding my thumb beneath to catch the underside and my index finger on top I slowly moved them up and down giving a little pressure, just enough to make your cock get hard and my breath teased you as my mouth got nearer and yet I did not lick. You watched me as I did this and I looked in your eyes as I moved my mouth closer to you and put my mouth over the head, but still I did not touch you, just let you feel how warm my mouth was and then pulled away. I stuck my tongue out because I couldn't resist anymore and licked the tip and I heard your gasp and I licked again this time letting my tongue swirl around the head and withdrew again. 

You looked at me as if I was so mean and I smiled and leaned my head down farther as my tongue licked and caressed your balls and I could finally hear the moans from you that I had been wanting to hear. Left to right I moved going back and forth not letting up until I finally gently suck one ball into my mouth and you start writhing and moaning your pleasure and I do the same with the other. By now you are so hard in my hand and have some precum on the tip and I let you have a break from my licking and sucking of your balls as I move up to taste you. I do so love your taste and I moan as I take you in my mouth this time taking you all the way in till your in the back of my throat and then I swallow once just to tease you and let you out of my mouth. I proceed to lick your cock up and down, all over, even going back to your balls again, I like your taste and you know I could do this all day if I wanted, keeping you hard and never letting you cum at all.

I finally take pity on you and take you in my mouth half way and suck you in and out as I move my tongue up and down on the underside of you shaft and I continue to do this for a bit as you get closer. You're almost there and I feel your body start to tighten and with one finally flick of my tongue I stop and your body relaxes and you moan in frustration as I pull back and look at you and smile so wickedly.

"Have you had enough yet?" I ask as I look into your eyes that are half closed in desire.

You shake your head no and you say, "I'm fine."

"Okay" I say as I lean back down for another lick and your body tenses up again as my tongue flicks up and down on the underside of your cock yet again. I always like to take advantage when I'm in this position and you know it. I look into your eyes, holding your gaze as I take all of you deep in my throat and I keep looking at you as your eyes close and you are lost in the pleasure I am giving you. At the pace I'm going now I know it won't be long and as you tighten your muscles up again I slow down and keep sucking on you but so much slower and your body relaxes a bit, but not all the way. You give another frustrated moan, but you don't say anything. Sometimes this is a game for us, to see if you will beg or not. You know I like to win and will drive you crazy trying to get you to say "please"

You look at me as I'm teasing you again, going so slowly up and down on your cock my left hand massaging your balls and the right holding and moving up and down on your cock with my mouth. I've closed my eyes as I enjoy the feel of you in my mouth and I catch myself moaning as I taste more of your precum and I start to go faster wanting to taste all of your cum almost as if I can't help myself. This time I almost don't stop as your body starts to tighten up and it kills me to pull away knowing the craving I have would soon be quenched if I did not stop. I do stop though and I look up at you as you moan again and louder this time than before and I smile at you knowing you'll break soon.

"Are you ready to come yet, Darling?" I ask as I gently massage your cock in my hand, hoping you'll give me the answer I want.

You shake your head no again and I look at you in surprise as you say stubbornly, "I'm fine, I can wait."

You've never lasted this long before and I wonder how long you will last as my mouth envelops your hard cock in my mouth yet again and I move slowly up and down with my tongue. Taking you so deep in my mouth in and out for a bit and then I shorten my strokes as I let my tongue increase the pressure as I move my head up and down rocking my whole body back and forth and I feel you start to tighten up again. I let you get so close and I know you're almost there when I let you out of my mouth completely and your hands reach down to my head trying to put me back where I was but I stop you and pull away.

"Willing to beg yet?" I ask as I watch you writhe knowing you were there almost at that peak and I had denied you yet again.

You don't answer me and I wonder what is going on till you lean forward and grab my hands and pull me on top of you and I giggle as I realize that with my thong on you won't be able to get me inside of you and I wriggle into place on top of you. You realized the problem and before I could get completely comfortable you had flipped me onto my back and had moved down to my pussy to remove the thongs that were in your way and I watched your face as you removed them since I had put them on over the garter belt because I knew you would want me to leave them on. My stocking clad legs were spread in front of you and my pussy was so wet from the teasing I had given you. You leaned close and I lay back resting on my elbows as I watched you put your head between my legs and you teased me so horribly. 

You licked my right thigh and then my left and slowly moved to my outer lips of my pussy and I lifted up my hips trying to get you to go faster, trying to get you to lick my clit. It was my turn to moan in frustration as you kept licking everywhere, but where I wanted you to and finally I couldn't take anymore and I grabbed your head and tried to move you where I needed you most, but you wouldn't let me and I moaned again. You laughed at me and finally I felt your tongue touch my clit and I gasped as you swirled it around and around and I was getting closer and closer and I was just reaching my pinnacle when you stopped and I shrieked in outrage, knowing why you stopped.

"Oh, did you want to cum?" You asked me as you smiled at my pouting.

I smile back at him evilly as I say, "I can take whatever you dish out honey."

You don't say anymore as you lean back down between my legs and yet you don't lick me yet, your right hand moves up and you put two fingers in my puss and I jump as you wiggle them. you know that drives me crazy when you do that and with another grin at me you lean down and lick me hard and fast and are sucking on my clit as I'm about to cum for the second time when you feels my body start to tighten up and my puss start to tense about your fingers and you just stop. I shriek again in frustration and I feel like I am going out of my mind when I feel that your fingers are still inside of me and I move my hand down to my clit trying to give myself the release you have denied me. 

You grab my hands and I look at you with my bottom lip out and I say "Please." 

You hold my hands as you bring yourself up over top of me and then press them into the bed as you kiss me. "Please what?" You ask me as you move your hips against my pussy and I raise my hips hoping to let you know without having to say it. You won't let me though; I know you'll make me say it. "Tell me," you say in your most commanding voice, "tell me what you want."

I look at you out of my mind trying to figure out the quickest way to get you inside of me and I realize you're still waiting for an answer and I say in a breathy voice that I barely recognized as my own. "Please, please let me cum, fuck me hard, please."

You smile at me and finally I feel your cock at the entrance to my pussy and I wrap my legs around you and I feel relief as you enter me. My hands are still held under yours as you hold me down and my heels dig into your ass as I pull you deeper in me with each thrust, I can't get enough and I'm moaning and writhing as I feel the starting of the pinnacle I had been denied earlier. The harder you fuck me the more I moan and as I started to tense up you let go of my left hand and your hand goes to my hair and grabs a handful and pulls just enough to get me to open my eyes and look at you. you know that when I get my hair pulled it takes me over the edge and when I opened my eyes I came hard as I looked at you and I felt my cum squirt from me and soak you and my whole body froze as you keep fucking me making it last longer. Finally my body couldn't take anymore and I relaxed completely and you stop and smiled at me and I smiled back, completely sated. 

You started moving again and I knew I would cum again this time as you lift my legs up over your shoulders and I crossed my legs behind your neck and I braced my now free hands behind me on the headboard for support as you move in and out of me. My eyes close as I just focus on the feeling of you moving inside me and I feel as If I am spinning out of control and knew I would be cumming again soon and my eyes opened as I watched you and knew by the look on your face that you were close also. Every time you enter me I tightened my muscles, clenching as hard as I could and as I start cumming and moaning so very loud I felt the most wonderful feeling of you cumming in me and I screamed in relief as I came again and felt your cum mixed with mine. 

Our bodies sank into the bed and you rolled over letting me just lay my head on your chest as we tried to catch our breath and my hand rested over your rapidly beating heart. I looked up at you and couldn't resist reaching up and giving you a kiss. We lay there in the afterglow of our lovemaking and neither of us said anything for quite awhile. 

As we settled ourselves into bed later on you leaned over to me and hugged me tight and gave me a kiss. "I love you" you said so simply and my heart melted.

"I love you too, honey" I said back and we went to sleep, very satisfied.