 My name is Steve. I met Zach at college. We were roommates. He was working towards a film degree and I was working on my Business degree. It was almost inevitable that we two horny young guys would hit on the idea of a porn business. We started a web site and specialty videos store. After our first year we were making money hand over fist and not worrying too much about tuition.

After we graduated I took over the business aspects and Zach handled production. We own a dozen web sites now and our specialty video business is tremendous. At 21 years old I'm on my way to being a mogul.

Since we had no money to begin with, and Zach is so skinny that if stuck out his tongue and turned sideways, he'd look like a zipper. I starred in a lot of the videos. I'm 6'1" and 180 pounds (Lean muscle thank you very much), blond hair and green eyes. I played football in high school and kept up my working out in college so with all do modesty; I think I look damn good. Even though we can afford models now I discovered a lot about myself during those college days. I like being on film and few other interesting things about myself.

We were doing a specialty spanking video. Two guesses whose ass was on the line. We were at Maggie's house. We met her 6 months ago. Maggie was a typical 45 year old housewife. Mother of two teenage children who was looking to make extra money since her husband died. She and I had made four previous videos together all with a mother son motif. Like me, she also found out she liked making movies.

Zach was setting up the digital recorder in the living room. I was changing clothes and had just pulled my sweat pants on when the doorbell rang. Maggie came rushing out of the kitchen.

"I'll get it," she said racing through the living room.

"Steve, move that lamp by the couch closer," Zach said as he was looking through the view finder.

I was fiddling with the lamp when Maggie came back in with two other women, all chatting.

"Would you two like some wine?" Maggie asked Leeza and her friend Sandy.

"Love some," said Leeza.

"Me too, thanks," said Sandy.

Leeza cam over to me and kissed me on the lips. "Hi baby," she said.

"Sup gorgeous?"

"This is my friend Sandy," she said. 

Sandy held out her hand and I took it. "Nice to meet you," she said. Not taking her eyes off my abs.

"Nice meeting you," I said. Sandy was a very attractive thirty five year old woman, with short red hair that had known Leeza for about three years. They had met at the gym. Sandy had gotten divorced three months earlier and a couple of weeks ago Leeza told Sandy her little secret. Me.

Maggie came back in with three glasses of white wine. "Here you go ladies," she said handing the wine to Leeza and Sandy.

"Cheers," said Leeza. And the three of them drank.

"You're sure your kids won't be home early?" Zack asked Maggie. Still peering through the eyepiece.

"Positive," she said. "I took them to school myself and told them I would pick them up."

"Cool. Okay, were all set up here." He said.

"Try not to hurt him too much. I'm going to need him later." Said Leeza as she took Sandy's hand and led her to a couple of chairs by Zach. I noticed Sandy had not taken her eyes off of me while drinking her wine. She had never been to a shoot, and was a little turned on with anticipation, I think. If what Leeza and I had planned for later on worked out, Sandy was in for quite a surprise.

Maggie went into the kitchen and I pulled on my sweatshirt and a ball cap and sat down on the couch kind of splayed out with the remote in my hand. The premise was I was a just graduated college student who was lazy and not looking for a job. Maggie was my mom and was going to discipline me. The last video she and I did, she caught me looking at porn, spanked me, but in that one I got to fuck her. I kind of got a thing for older women.

"Ok. Action!" shouted Zach.

Maggie came into the living room with a wood spoon in her apron. "Why don't you look for a job instead of watching TV all day? Is this what I put you through college for?" she said.

"Aww mom. I'm tired from school. Leave me alone." I said.

"Don't you talk to me like that young man. You're still not too big for me to put over my knee."

"Oh yeah, I'd like to see you try." I said.

With that Maggie came over and grabbed my ear. 

I gave out a series of ow's as Maggie sat down and pulled me over her knee.

"I'll teach you to talk to your mother that way." And with that her hand came down with a smack on my ass. Now while she didn't really hurt my ear when she pulled on it, this stung nicely thank you. One of the things I discovered doing these movies was I like it when women play with my ass.

Thwack. Another smack. Her hand moved in a circle on my ass, then, smack. Then she kicked it up a notch and hit my ass with fifteen good smacks in a row. This time the ow's were real. But that tingling started at the base of my balls. I confess. Getting spanked makes my dick harder than Chinese arithmetic.

"How's that?" she said.

"Cut it out you old broad!" I shouted.

"Old broad!" Maggie repeated. "I'll show you old." And with that I felt her fingers curl around the waste band of my sweatpants and pulled them down. 

Maggie really unleashed an assault on my now exposed under ware ass. I could feel my ass cheeks heating up and the blood raging into my cock. Maggie started the slow circling on my ass as she moved her other hand from my back and reached under me to grab my dick. God love her.

"Had enough?" she asked.

"Screw you." I said.

"Right, see how you like this." And with she used both hands to pull down my under ware. 'Yee Haw' I thought. The cold air on my hot buns felt great.

Without that thin layer of cotton the sound of her hand against my ass was like a gun shot. The pain was intense but nice. I had a raging hard on rubbing against Maggie's leg. I was letting out with a lot of grunts as her hand made sure no part of either cheek was left unmarked.

"Stand up!" She ordered.

I did as told, standing there with my eight inches stiff and swaying in the breeze and both hands on my ass cheeks.

"You're crazy." I said.

"I'm crazy. You're the one standing there with a boner. Apparently this isn't punishment enough." Maggie came over and stripped me completely naked.

"Bend over. Hands on the couch."

I did as told. Bending over with my stinging ass in the air.

"Let's try this." Maggie said. And like a gunslinger she had drawn the wooden spoon.

The spoon brought tears to my eyes. She was very good at this. She would tap steadily in one place really bringing the bruise out. Then bring it down hard. It hurt like hell and I almost came on her couch. She kept this up for about five minutes bruising both cheeks quite nicely thank you.

"Stand up." She ordered again. I had some tears on my face, and after twenty total minutes of various spankings, both hands full of very sore ass. "Now go stand in the corner and think about this."

I did as I was told and went and stood in the corner. My hands in front of me.

"Hang on," said Zach. "I need some close ups." 

He came over and shot footage of my tender buns for about a minute then said: "And cut. That's a wrap."

"Ow." I said.

Maggie came over and stood beside me as she gently put her left hand on my ass and grabbed my dick with her right.

"You ok she asked?"

I smiled. "You're holding it; what do think?"

"I think. Next time you fuck me."

I kissed her. "Absolutely."

I walked over to Leeza and Sandy.

I noticed Sandy glancing toward my hard eight inches. Leeza likes me to shave my balls. She said it even makes my dick look bigger.

"Here, want these," said Leeza handing me my sweat pants. "Or do you want to let your butt cool off first?"

"Cool of." I said. Reaching both hands around to touch my sore booty. It also thrust my dick out a little so Sandy had another chance to scope it out.

"This stuff isn't going to pack itself." I heard Zach say.

"Just be a minute." I told Leeza giving her a very long kiss. Then I went and helped Zach pack up. This gave my erection a chance to go down, get some of the sting out of buns, and Let Sandy ogle my naked body for a while. Like I said, Leeza and I had plans later.

After everything was packed, I pulled on my sweats, we said goodbye to Maggie and headed out to the cars. Zach went back to the office to edit the movie. Zach is truly only concerned with making movies and the quality of the companies work. We even won an award.

Leeza and Sandy got into the front of Leeza's SUV, while I got in the back and lay down on my stomach.

Leeza is forty two years old, but you wouldn't know it. She looks a good twelve years younger and has a body any twenty year old coed would kill for. Think Linda Hamilton in Terminator 2, only with 36 DD. In fact her boobs were a gift for her thirtieth birthday from her prick ex-husband. 

Both of them were the upwardly mobile types. Leeza owns her own business. She always kept herself in great shape, but five years ago her ex started doing some twenty year old in his office. He wasn't too bright on keeping it a secret. Leeza took him to the cleaners.

Nine months ago we met at the gym. I told her I worked for a web based media company. When it became obvious we had the hot and bother's for each other, I told her the truth. She was quiet at first, then curious, then excited. She's had new avenues opened up to her and has starred in a couple of vids.

We arrived at Leeza's very nice house and went out to the sun room. 

"Lay down." Leeza told me. "I'll go get the stuff. Sandy, do you want something to drink?"

"Water. Thanks."

Leeza left us alone. I quickly stripped off my clothes and stretched out on my stomach before Sandy could say anything. She stood there kind of nervously.

I laid my head on my arms facing Sandy. "So what did you think of the shoot?"

Not looking quite at me she said: "Wow. I didn't think they were real."

"Oh, there real alright." I said nodding my head toward my backside.

Sandy looked at my ass then. "Your going to be bruised." She said.

"Yeah. I'm going to have to do my paperwork standing up for about a week. Maggie purpled me pretty good."

Sandy got a passing confused look on her face.

I smiled. "Purpling is spanking 'biz' term. The skin gets kind of purple before it bruises. Come see." I pointed to my butt.

Sandy slowly came over to get a better look.

"It's not as bad as it looks." Said Leeza as she came in with Sandy's ice water and a small tray.

"Says you." I said.

"Oh you love it." Leeza handed Sandy her water, turned on the CD player, then came and sat down next to me on the day bed. She lightly placed her hand on my left cheek.

"It gets so warm." She said looking at Sandy. "Come and feel this."

Sandy just stood there.

"Oh come here." Leeza got up, went took Sandy by the hand and brought her to the bed. They both sat down. Leeza placed Sandy's had on my ass. "See what I mean."

Sandy started moving her hand around in slow circles. "It's really warm." She said.

"This will help." Said Leeza as she picked up a bottle off the tray. "Vitamin E oil. Takes the sting and bruising out." She opened the bottle and rubbed some on her hands. "Here." She grabbed Sandy's hand and poured some oil into her hand. "I'll do the right one, you do the left."

I laid my head down on my arms as these two attractive women started oiling my ass cheeks. I couldn't hear Leeza but she told me later she whispering words of encouragement to Sandy. 

I felt a hand slip between my legs and start to rub my balls. Pretty soon two pair of hands was making their way around my back and down my legs. My cock erected immediately.

"Ok junior, flip over." Commanded Leeza.

I rolled over onto my back. My erection lying on my stomach. "Uh oh," said Leeza. "Looks like a leek." She reached over and wiped the pre cum off the end of my dick and put her finger in her mouth. "Mmmmmmm. Sweet." She looked at Sandy and said: "There's more. But I think your going to have to get it from the hose."

Sandy smiled, took my dick in her hand and gave me a wicked smile. She bent over and ran her tongue over the head of my penis. Little waves of electricity shot from my dick as she sucked my penis into her mouth.

Leeza stood up and took off her blouse. Her bra barely restraining her double D's. She crawled on the bed and started kissing and licking up my right leg. Sandy's head was bobbing up down on my cock. Leeza started licking my balls.

"Let me have some of that." I heard Leeza say as she took my cock out of Sandy's mouth.

My dick came out of Sandy's mouth with a slight popping noise. I reached down and grabbed the back of her head. Using her hair I pulled her up to me and slid my tongue into her mouth. She must not have had sex since her divorce because she was all over me with her hands and tongue.

I slipped my right hand between her legs. The crotch of her pants was warm and moist. She let out a moan as I pressed my fingers. I started to pull up her shirt, but in a second she had removed it. I don't think she was wearing a bra because her breasts were right in my face. She had small firm tits with very hard pink nipples. I took one of her nipples into my mouth and sucked pretty hard.

"Oh god." I heard her say.

I said: "I want to taste your pussy." And I started to unbuckle her pants, again she practically ripped them off and then she straddled my face. She had had trimmed pubes, but you could tell she was a natural redhead. She started rubbing her pussy on my mouth. I stuck my tongue as far in as I could, then pulled it out. I repeated this a couple of times. Then I caught her clit between my teeth. I slowly flicked my tongue across. Her body began to tremble and she let out a low moan as I got a mouthful of sweet tasting pussy juice as Sandy had an orgasm. 

I felt Leeza's mouth leave my dick as Sandy leaned back. Leeza wrapped her arms around Sandy from behind and made slow lazy circles around Sandy's breasts. Leeza kissed Sandy's neck and worked her way to Sandy's mouth.

Now Leeza had been with a few women since we met, but I wasn't sure about Sandy. However, from the way she returned Leeza's kiss, she was not shy.

After they broke their kiss, Leeza said: "I told you he was good." Sandy gave a satisfied "Uh Huh." "But you have to try this." Said Leeza.

Leeza turned Sandy around so I could see her firm ass. Leeza guided Sandy down to my straining cock. I could see Leeza had managed to take off her clothes while working on my blowjob.

Leeza's 36 DD's were an interesting contrast to Sandy's perky ones. Also Leeza had a completely shaved pussy.

There girls were kissing and fondling each other while Leeza guided Sandy onto my dick. I sank all eight inches balls deep into Sandy's warm wet pussy. I heard an audible gasp come from Sandy.

"Told you." Said Leeza.

"Oh my god." Sandy said as she started to slowly ride me up and down.

Leeza made her way up to me and straddled my face. "My turn little boy."

My hands made my way up to her breasts and took firm hold as I started eating her pussy. Sandy started to increase her speed, and despite my sore ass, I managed to thrust up with her every down stroke. Leeza came in a screaming orgasm in about a minute. Sandy took about two, and came even louder. Again, her pussy flooded. A gusher. I'd have to ask her how she felt about making movies later. But I had more important concerns right now. I had to CUM.

"Now. " I said.

Leeza hopped off me and grabbed Sandy. Both of them laid down on the Day bed. I positioned myself over top of them and started stroking my dick. Streams of hot sticky cum fell on their faces. The girls lapped it up like someone drinking water after coming out of the desert. They took turns licking and kissing each other as they licked my dick clean.

The three of us lay there exhausted.

"Thank you, you two," said Sandy "I needed that so bad.

The three of us made like spoons, with me in the middle. I had my arms around Sandy with my dick resting between her ass cheeks. Leeza was behind me with her hand reaching around playing with my dick and Sandy's butt. A few hours later the three of us had dinner naked, took a shower, and tried a couple of interesting variations in the master bedroom. Even though Sandy started dating again she still spends at least one night a week with us. 

Funny thing. She never tells her boyfriend about it though. ;o)