 My name is... well, let's keep names out of this, to protect the innocent. Or at least those who hope to keep up the illusion of innocence. Let me just share this much: I'm an office slut.

I hold an important job, and am well respected by my coworkers for the good work I do. I arrive at the office at the same time each morning, and leave at the same time each night. I'm famous for my clean desk, and my filing system is impeccable. I volunteer to serve on committees whenever I have the chance, and have a ridiculous amount of vacation leave built up because I rarely miss work. But I also love to suck cock, and recently have developed a naughty little habit of indulging this desire while I'm on the clock.

See, a particular coworker of mine seems to enjoy having his cock sucked. Imagine that. And I love to pleasure him, expecting nothing in return. 

He likes to challenge the control I usually have over my organized world, ordering me to drop on my hands and knees when the whim strikes him, and forcing me down onto his hard cock. 

Sometimes we'll find ourselves alone unexpectedly, in an elevator, a stairwell, or supply closet. He'll ask me to get him hard in my mouth, then send me back to my desk, where I struggle to focus on my work. I feel the wetness grow between my legs as I try to make my eyes focus on my computer screen, the smell of his sweat still with me, knowing that he has also gone back to work, hiding his erection as he greets coworkers in the hall.

Sometimes we manage to plan a rendezvous in some quiet corner or empty office, and I hope that we're uninterrupted long enough that I'm able to bring him to orgasm. He fondles my breasts as I suck him off, sometimes grabbing my hair and ordering my hands away from his cock so that he can thrust his entire length deep into my throat. I struggle to remain quiet as I fight my gag reflex, his thick cock almost more than I can take. But I want more, I want his cum to fill my mouth, I want to taste him now, and continue to taste him as I return to work.

In hushed voices, we develop our dirty dialogue. I tell him what a slut I am, how much I love to suck cock, and how I want him to bend me over the desk and spank me if I do anything that doesn't please him. He asks me whether he can cum anywhere he likes - in my mouth, on my tits, in my hair, on my glasses, or deep inside my pussy. I respond that he can cum wherever he likes, because that's exactly what a cum-sucking slut like me desires.

As he gets closer, I pull my glasses down to the edge of my nose and look up at him with my big blue eyes. I cup and fondle his balls with my left hand, jack off the base of his cock with my right, and suck on as much of the end of his cock as I can comfortably handle in my mouth. He reaches down and pinches one of my nipples, hard, and the pain which quickly becomes pleasure inspires me to move even faster on his hard cock.

I can feel his orgasm coming, building up inside of him as he thrusts harder and faster into my mouth. He again grabs my long hair, pulling it firmly into a ponytail in his hands, and I'm helpless to do anything but continue sucking, struggling to stay with him as he thrusts deeper into my throat. His smooth motions soon lose their rhythm as he finally cums, shooting his load into my mouth. I struggle to swallow every drop, keeping him in my mouth as his motions slow and he comes down from his climax. We quickly pull ourselves together, and go our separate ways back to work. As I find my way back to my desk, I wonder if those in the offices I pass notice my disheveled hair, the flush in my cheeks.

Very occasionally, we have managed to leave the office together for a few hours. Our latest rendezvous was a few weeks back. My phone rang, and it was him. He had a few hours free, and wondered if I did as well. I knew that I had no more meetings that afternoon, but my boss was still in the office, and I had a few projects I was supposed to be finishing up. But the desire, the naughtiness of it all, overtook my better judgement, and I agreed to meet him outside, where he could pick me up in his car.

Struggling to keep my composure as I left my desk, I quickly grabbed my jacket and made my way for the exit, hoping nobody would stop me with work, or worse, just to chat. Luckily, I escaped without the slightest notice from the busy bees bustling around the office. Before I knew it, I was in his car, speeding towards the highway entrance. I had never been to his place before, but I knew that's where we were headed as he asked me to spread my legs so that he could stroke my inner thigh.

He asked me to talk dirty to him as we drove, and I complied, telling him what a dirty little slut I was to abandon my work in the middle of the day for the pleasure of sneaking off to suck his cock. I could see him getting hard, the bulge growing in his pants as he listened to my naughty voice and occasionally gave my thigh a gentle slap.

After a trip that seemed far too long, we were in his apartment, in his bedroom, and he tossed me onto the bed. As he undressed and climbed onto the bed, kneeling above me, I looked up at him with pure lust and tried to reach up to take his growing cock into my mouth. But with a gentle shove, pushing me back down, he quickly reminded me who was in charge. He wanted me to suck him off, but he wanted to be in control. I was happy to comply, giving up control being such a departure, such a turn-on for me. And thus began our naughty game.

Over the next hour, I found myself in innumerable positions as I focused my attention on his cock. First he was on his back, and I kneeled above him, still fully dressed, fondling his balls and taking as much of his length as I could into my mouth. Soon he wanted access to my perfectly-shaped 36C tits, so I released his cock just long enough to pull my sweater over my head and toss it aside. I also released my hair from its proper work-day do, and it cascaded down to my shoulders in long blonde waves. This gave him the opportunity to pull it into a ponytail and control my motions as I bobbed up and down on his shaft.

Before long, he shifted our position so that I was on my back and he could kneel above me, sometimes forcing his long, thick member deep into my throat, sometimes shifting a bit to fuck my tits as I pressed them together for him, licking the tip of his cock each time it reached my mouth.

He loved to push the limit of how much I could take - how much of his length, how long I could keep him in my mouth before needing a break - and just when I thought it would be too much, he would shift positions. Sometimes, if he felt I gave up too quickly, he would order me onto my hands and knees and give me a little discipline. I can hardly describe the excitement I felt at these moments, as his touch was never predictable. Sometimes he would spank me hard, but other times he would barely graze my skin, and I never knew which it would be.

On this day, the discipline included the almost unbearable pleasure of his fingers on my clit. He gently forced me to remain on all fours in front of him, and much as I might try to grind into his hand or turn to see or touch him, I could do nothing but allow the waves of pleasure build up as he increased his stroking to a feverish pace. I longed for him to enter me with his big, strong fingers, but knew he wouldn't. After all, this pleasure was still part of my discipline. I also longed to cum, and nearly did, but knew that he would bring me very, very close, but not all the way.

At exactly that moment, when if he didn't stop, I wouldn't be able to hold back, he did indeed stop. With a whimper, but remembering the task I was here to complete, I rolled on to my back and awaited his next instruction. It was time, he was ready to cum. He climbed off the bed and stood just next to it, and invited me to join him, on my hands and knees on the floor in front of him.

As he had so many times before, he asked me to confirm what a cum-hungry slut I was, and how he could cum anywhere he liked, whether in my mouth, on my tits, in my hair, wherever he wished. He asked me to make him cum, and I eagerly engulfed his cock. He took hold of my hair again, and after a few long, slow, deep strokes into my throat, began to fuck my mouth with quick, shallow strokes. I took his balls in one hand and wrapped my other hand around his shaft, and he continued his furious fucking, thrusting into me ever faster as he approached his orgasm.

Just when I thought I couldn't keep him in my mouth any longer, my saliva spilling from the corners of my mouth and dripping down my hands, he pulled out, and I knew what he wanted. As he gave his cock a few last strokes, I presented my tits to him, cupping one in each hand as he shot his load onto them. By the time he was done, his sticky white cum covered my chest, my face, and even my hair.

After we cleaned up his cum, found the clothes we had strewn about the room, and got dressed, he drove me back to the office, where I arrived just in time to gather my things and wish my coworkers a good evening. I left at my usual time and proceeded with my usual evening routines. But I was also still completely turned on, taking home with me the lingering memory of his touch and the smell of his sweat and cum. That was all I needed to take matters into my own hands a bit later that evening. But that's another story...