 Hey guys, I'm back! I hope you'll forgive me, it's been a few weeks since my last confession; that was my first, when I admitted to being an office slut. 

Fortunately for all those who've written me, asking for more stories, my behavior hasn't improved - I'm still the same cum-hungry, cock-sucking slut you met last time around. Still the coworker thought by most to be a goody-goody workaholic, but known to one as a naughty little whore who will drop everything for a few moments of pleasure. And I thought it was about time I shared another confession, another true story of my naughty behavior at work.

A few years back, I was given a promotion, complete with my own office, with a door that locked and a window with shades. For the most part my door was wide open and my window uncovered. Occasionally, though, I took advantage of the privacy to indulge my sexual desires, or more importantly those of my coworker and his stiff cock, right in the middle of the work day.

Sometimes it was a phone call that caused me to close my door. A phone call from the owner of that cock. He would ask me to talk dirty to him, and I would oblige, slipping into a naughty tone as soon as my door latched, and telling him how much I wanted to suck his big, hard cock. As always, he loved to push me to my limit, drawing out of me coarser and dirtier language until I surprised myself with the words that came out of my own mouth. But I was never shocked or embarrassed - instead, just that much more turned on. As the thrill of my own naughtiness combined with the sound of his voice to get me all hot and bothered, I would slip one hand under my skirt, reaching a finger or two into my panties to stroke my clit.

Sometimes, he'd give me instructions to meet him somewhere for one of our elicit encounters. Sometimes, when I mentioned that my boss had gone home early, he would stop by. There was There was always some pretense of real work, just in case another coworker happened to come to my office, but I knew why he was really there.

On one particular occasion, a few months back, he came into my office, sat in the chair across from my desk, and asked if I was ready. Ready to get him hard in my mouth, ready for him to bend me over my desk and fuck me from behind, and ready to suck him off when he was ready to cum. As I eagerly replied that I was more than ready to do whatever he asked, he closed and locked my door, and I reached for the shades on my window.

He sat down in my office chair and I knelt in front of him as he unfastened his belt, unzipped his slacks, and pulled out his half-hard cock. "No hands" was his simple instruction, meaning that I was to use only my mouth. This was easy at this stage, when I could take his entire length into my mouth with little effort. But after a few moments of stroking his cock with my tongue, he began to grow longer and harder, and his thick member was soon more than I could handle without letting some of the length slip out of my mouth.

Again pushing me just to my limit, he gathered my long blonde hair in his fingers, scooping it into a ponytail and using it to force me down onto his bulging cock until I gagged as he entered my throat. He held me there, then slowly began fucking my mouth, giving me room to breathe. I took his balls in one hand, gently rolling them in my fingers, and wrapped the fingers of my other hand around the base of his shaft, squeezing as my mouth continued to accept his thrusts.

He now reached down, forced his hands inside my blouse, and took one of my nipples in each hand, squeezing hard. As I gasped at this painful pleasure - he knew I enjoyed his firm touch - he slowed his fucking to long, deep thrusts. I could feel the wetness grow between my legs as I remembered the scenario he had suggested to me - it couldn't be much longer before we shifted positions and he took me from behind.

As soon as this thought crossed my mind, he pulled out of my mouth and stood up, lifting me up off my knees as he did so. Spinning me around so that I faced my desk, he told me to put my forearms down on the desk and arch my back. He hiked my skirt up to my waist, pushed my panties aside, and I instinctively spread my legs as he found my clit with his strong fingers. Finding me already completely wet, he thrust his hard cock into me with one fast stroke, and I couldn't help but moan as he filled me.

Pausing each time to enjoy the feeling of my tight pussy, he made several thrusts, holding me by the hips and forcing my weight back towards him with each stroke. I wanted to cry out in pleasure, but had to control myself, the occasional footsteps and voices outside my door reminding me of my surroundings. We were walking a delightful tightrope - the thrill of getting caught raised our level of pleasure - but the reality of getting caught wasn't anything either of us actually wanted to experience.

I pulled myself up so that just my hands were still touching the desk, and he whispered in my ear, asking if I was ready to taste my own juices, to lick his cock clean before finally sucking him off. I hissed back towards him with an enthusiastic yes, and he pulled out of me, once again spun me around, and I returned to my knees. This time, though, he was standing, his cock jutting straight out from his body.

Using just my tongue, I took a few inches of his length into my mouth, looking up at him with pure lust in my big blue eyes as I tasted my own juices, both sweet and salty. Clearly, though, he was in no mood for gentle touches, and he again grabbed my hair and pushed much more of his length into my mouth. "Relax," he whispered, as he found himself fighting my clenched throat. Letting go of my hair and putting one hand on each of my shoulders, he massaged the tension away, allowing more and more of his length to penetrate my mouth, until he bottomed out, his balls hitting my chin and the tip of his cock well into my throat.

"God, that feels so good," he moaned as he maintained that position for what felt like an eternity before again pulling out and beginning to fuck my mouth in long, smooth strokes. I could feel my own juices trickling out of my exposed pussy and down my inner thigh, my clit longing for attention as I sucked his cock. But both of my hands were soon busy with the task at hand - bringing him to orgasm - as I again cupped his balls and jacked off the base of his cock as he fucked me faster and faster.

"Are you going to let me cum in your mouth? Are you going to swallow every drop for me?"

"Hmmmmmm," was all I could answer, his cock was now thrusting in and out of my mouth so quickly. As his motions and hushed breathing became more uneven, it was all I could do to keep hold of his cock and keep it in my mouth. But I was such a cum-hungry slut, I would do anything at this point to make him cum and swallow every drop.

"Oh, god, yes, that's it! Uhhh, uhhhhhhhhhh," he whispered as he shot his load, an overwhelming amount of cum, some of it trickling out of the corners of my mouth as I tried to swallow it all. He remained in my mouth for a few moments more, and I gently traced my tongue around his cock, causing it to twitch and jerk inside my mouth as he enjoyed the last sensations of his orgasm.

"Thank you, that was nice," he said with a smile as I pulled myself up from my slightly tired knees and stood before him, adjusting my panties and pulling down my skirt. "Now," he said with authority as he zipped up and buckled his belt, "time for you to get back to work."

With a whimper - I had loved sucking him off, but was still frustrated myself - I agreed, and he moved towards the door. Not quite ready to see him leave, I positioned myself between him and the door, and he responded by grabbing my nipples firmly. "Do you need some discipline?"

"Well, I have been a very naughty little slut," I whispered huskily into his ear.

"Yes, indeed, you've been a very dirty girl. Which is exactly why you need to get back to work. You might have to take matters into your own hands later, but for now, I want to see you accomplish something."

"OK," I grinned back at him, loving this little game we played.

And with that, he opened the door and stepped back into the hallway, launching into the middle of a work-related sentence as if we were finishing up a meeting - for the benefit of anyone who might have been listening. Once he was out of sight, I did indeed go back to work, hard as it was for me to concentrate with my pussy still dripping and my clit still pulsing. There would be time for that later, I told myself - I had a few nice toys waiting for me at home.