 Author's note: This story is about a cheating piece of crap husband. He lies and poses as a single man online in order to fuck single women. If you don't like cheating and lying husband stories with hardcore sex, please move on to the next story. Thank you angel love for your help in editing for me. Thanks. T.S.G.

*

I'm not sure why I turned to an internet dating service. 

I married my high school sweetheart almost twenty-three years ago. She was an All-American cheerleader type when we started dating. The last two decades have only improved her looks and personality.

I am very successful in business and as a result, Jo stays at home. She's raising three fantastic kids and is involved in local charities and politics.

And the sex? The sex is better today than when we were in high school. Some nights we make love. Other nights, I bang her until we pass out. 

Last weekend, we attended the premier of a new Broadway play. The play was uneventful. However, what was memorable was our drive home. After pointing our Land Cruiser north to Connecticut, Jo reached over and played with my cock. With a sluttish smile on her face, she kneeled on the seat, unzipped me and pulled out my cock. 

"Baby, please let me suck your cock. I want to feel your big hog in the back of my throat."

Jo's innocent teenage voice always gets me rock hard. She smiled, kissed my cheek, leaned over and sucked my eight-inch cock deep into her throat. 

What's most amazing is Jo sucked me off for the entire forty-five minute drive home. I came once, but Jo never slowed down. She sucked my cock hard again and kept me hard the whole way home. Every time I reached for her juicy bald pussy, Jo would push my hand away. Tonight was about me, so I sat back, pushed the cruise control button and enjoyed the drive!

After walking the babysitter home, I found Jo in the middle of our bed. She was naked and on her knees, ass high in the air. Her face was buried in a pillow. I banged her pussy and ass for an hour. Jo came in thirty seconds and then over and over until I erupted deep in her ass.

As I've said, sex with Jo is great. It's an adventure every time. So, why have I joined an online dating service? Simple, I travel three or four nights a week on business. I'm lonely, bored and horny.

------------------------------------------ 

My M.O. (Method of Operation) is simple and effective. After paying for a membership on datersconnection.com and filling out the profile, I researched members in the seven cities I travel to monthly. 

I narrowed my search to profiles of attractive, fit women in the thirty to forty-year-old age group. I wait until I see them online and write them an instant message:

'Hi, I'm Chris and I'm new to Dater's Connection. I currently live in Wilton, CT, but am being transferred to Portland (or some other city) in June. A friend from work suggested I join Dater's Connection. I hope to meet a single, attractive, fun-loving woman online. If we're compatible, perhaps we can meet for drinks and dinner. I hope you'll check out my profile. If you'd like to get to know me better, please send me a note.'

It's amazing, how dumb, desperate and naive women can be. Most answer my instant message within seconds.

------------------------------------------

Candy lives in Baltimore. She is thirty-four-years old, has shoulder length raven red hair and green eyes. She was separated for eighteen months and is recently divorced. She shares custody of a son and daughter with her ex-husband. 

She had been a stay at home Mom. However, started to work after her separation. Candy started as a receptionist with an insurance agency. She just received her insurance license and is trying to build a book of business. Money is tight, but she is "going to make it!"

Candy and I instant messaged each other daily for the first week. We slowly got to know each other and shared information about jobs, social life and dating. 

Sailing was one of Candy's passions, although she wasn't able to do it often. During the second week of IM's, Candy asked to trade pictures. I agreed and sent three, including a photo of me on my neighbor's sailboat. 

The next day as we IM'd, Candy asked, "Whose boat was in the pic?"

"It's mine," I answered. "I thought I told you. I love to sail and am trying to get my boat to Baltimore."

Poor Candy. She was hooked.

A few days later, Candy IM'd, "Are you going to take me sailing this summer?"

"It depends," I answered. "What do you wear, while sailing," I teased.

"Anything you want, baby, or maybe, nothing at all." During our third week online, Candy asked, "If I buy you a Speedo, will you wear it while sailing?"

"I hate Speedos Candy. They're very uncomfortable."

"Why are they uncomfortable?"

"It's embarrassing and you'll probably think I'm exaggerating," I answered.

"Come on. Please tell me."

"Candy, I'm well endowed. Long bathing suits are much more comfortable."

The next day, Candy asked, "You have me intrigued. How big are you?"

"I'm 5'10" and 180 lbs.," I teased.

"Don't be a jerk. You know what I mean."

"I'm eight inches long and very thick. I hope that doesn't scare you."

"OMG. That's bigger than my biggest vibrator."

Candy and I shared sexual information for the rest of the week. She hadn't had sex since her separation and has settled for two vibrators and her fingers. She missed sex with a man and hoped to find someone soon. Candy loved to give oral and enjoyed screwing in different positions. Occasionally, when super horny, she could be talked into anal.

I told her that I loved oral, both giving and receiving; that anal sex was a favorite. Although, most women said 'hell no,' when they saw my size.

On Friday of our third week online, Candy asked, "What are you looking for in a woman, for a long term relationship?"

"I'm hoping to find a single, attractive, fun loving woman. She will love life and laugh easily. She'll be a flirt and dress that way, but will also be a lady. However, in the bedroom, she'll be an insatiable lover. A borderline slut."

I continued, "I hope I haven't offended you."

We chatted for a few more minutes, wished each other a great weekend and signed off.

On Monday, I sent Candy an email. "Hi baby. I hope you had a great weekend. I want you to know that I've had a change of plans this week. I'll be in Baltimore on Wednesday and Thursday for meetings. I hope we can meet for a drink Wednesday. If I pass inspection, perhaps you'll join me for dinner."

I signed off and went to some meetings. Tuesday morning, I checked my emails. Candy had sent three. In the first, she was 'sssssssssooooooo' excited to meet me. In the second she was nervous and doubted herself. In the third, she hoped I would find her attractive. 

I signed on to my IM account. Candy was waiting.

"I can't believe we're going to meet," she began.

"This is going to be a real long week. I can't wait till Thursday."

"Me too! Where should we meet?"

"I'm staying at the Bayside Marriott. Griffins Seafood is across the street. I've made reservations for six o'clock. We have a table outside, on the deck. Let's meet in the bar first. Is that ok?"

"Oh Chris. That's perfect."

Candy and I chatted daily, for the rest of the week. 

I arrived at Griffins at 5:45 p.m. The bar area was just starting to pick-up. I sat in the last empty bar stool and ordered a bottle of Merlot and two glasses. 

I was pouring the wine, when Candy walked through the door. She was stunning and the pictures I'd seen didn't do her justice.

Candy was 5'5" tall and weighed 125 lbs. Her red hair reached her shoulders and her smile brightened the entire bar. She was dressed in an emerald green sundress that highlighted her red hair. She had an athletic body, with B-Cup breasts and hips that swung provocatively as she walked across the room. 

I stood to greet her. "It doesn't seem like we're meeting for the first time," she began.

"I don't think a handshake will do." I reached for her waist and gently pulled her against me. I softly pressed my lips to hers, then backed away and looked into her eyes. Her eyes were sparkling. 

Candy's body felt great as it pressed against me. Her hands rested on my shoulders and her breath was shallow. I leaned in and kissed her again. This time, with a bit more urgency. 

When her lips parted, I slipped my tongue into her mouth. I ran it across her lips and played with her tongue. When the tip of her tongue entered my mouth, I playfully bit it. I became rock hard as she moaned into my mouth. When we finished our kiss, I whispered into her ear, "It's nice to meet you Candy Parker."

Candy giggled and blushed as I guided her into my bar stool. I handed her a glass of wine and toasted her. "To a special friend!" We touched glasses and took a sip.

Over the next two hours, we drank wine and had a delicious dinner. Afterward, we left the restaurant and walked to Candy's car. Candy wrapped her arm through mine and held me tight as we walked. 

Her car was a late model Honda. I leaned against the driver's door, reached for her waist and pulled her tight against me. Her hands encircled my neck, while mine rested along the top of her ass. I kissed her hard. Our mouths opened and our tongues fought. I tasted Candy's tongue and mouth. 

My hands dropped to the globes of her ass and she groaned into my mouth as I squeezed her butt. I could feel the string of her thong as it disappeared between her cheeks. As I pulled her tight against me, Candy humped her pussy against my leg.

"We should have gone to your room," she gasped, between kisses.

"I know, but we need to get your overnight bag first."

Candy pulled her head away from me. "How do you know I have an overnight bag?"

She had a serious look on her face. I looked her up and down and noticed her hard nipples poking through her dress. I let one hand leave her ass and palmed her breast. She looked into my eyes and I smiled. My thumb and forefinger grabbed her nipple and I pinched and twisted it.

"AAAARRRRRGGGG! Oh God, that feels so fucking good."

I twisted harder and whispered into her ear, "I know you and I know you have an overnight bag. Is it in the backseat or trunk?"

"OOOOhhhh, my tits hurt so good, please don't stop!"

I continued to tweak her nipple. My left hand pulled her ass against my leg and I let Candy rub herself.

"So long . . . it's been so looonnnggg. I'mmm cumminnnggg!!!

Candy slumped against me. I supported her and whispered, "You're going to be my slut, tonight."

Between ragged breaths, Candy nodded her head. "Yes. I'll be your slut. Oh God!"

"Where is your bag?"

"It's in the trunk."

We walked to the trunk of her car. Candy reached into her purse, grabbed the key and opened the trunk. Her small duffle bag had slid deep into the trunk. As she reached in, I placed my hand in the middle of her back. Applying more pressure, I pushed. Candy steadied herself, by placing her hands on the floor of the trunk. 

Candy was positioned with her hands in the trunk and her ass sticking up. "Spread your legs for me baby."

As she begged, "No. Please not here," Candy spread her legs.

I kept one hand on her back. With the other, I reached under her sundress. She yelped as I yanked her thong to her knees and threw the hem of her dress over her back. 

"Oh baby, you've got a great looking ass." I lightly ran my fingers along her slit, from her clit to her asshole. As Candy moaned, I asked, "Tell me you're my slut."

"Yes . . . yes . . . yes . . . I'm yours. I'm your . . . OOOOHHHHH!"

I plunged two fingers deep into her cunt. My left hand reached around. When it flicked against Candy's clit, she exploded. "OOOHHH Jesus. I'm cummmiinnngggg againnnn!"

Candy wailed for a few seconds, then slumped half into the trunk. I watched as she regained her senses and crawled out. She stood in front of me, her duffle bag in hand and a proud smile on her face. 

"Open your mouth," I ordered.

As Candy parted her lips, I stuck my pussy soaked fingers into her mouth."

"Do you like your taste?" I asked as I fingered her mouth.

I could feel her tongue slide over my fingers as she nodded.

We walked quickly to the Marriott and rode the elevator to the ninth floor. Once the door was closed, I pressed Candy against the wall and kissed her hard. 

Panting and out of breath, she begged, "I have something special in the bag. Let me use the bathroom and I'll put it on for you."

"Raise your hands over your head," I countered.

Candy bit her lower lip and raised her hands over her head. Reaching for the hem of her dress, I pulled it over her head and dropped it on the floor. I reached behind her back and made short work of her bra clasp and dropped it on top of the dress.

Standing in front of me naked, except for sandals, I ordered, "Get on your knees and take off my pants." As Candy struggled with my belt, button and zipper, I pulled my golf shirt over my head.

When my cock popped free, it swung and hit Candy in the cheek. "Oh, it's so beautiful." She kissed the tip, licked the underside then opened her mouth wide. Candy easily took the first five inches on her first try. She spent the next few minutes sliding her mouth up and down, while swirling her tongue around the head.

With my cock in her mouth, Candy looked into my eyes from her kneeling position. She grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me deeper into her mouth. I felt her hold back a choke at seven inches. After regaining her composure, she pushed the last inch deep into her throat.

Breathing through her nose, she held that position and milked my rod with her tongue, cheeks and throat. Letting my cock slip into her fist, she looked up at me. "I hope you liked that. I bought an eight-inch dildo and have practiced." 

I had never been this turned on by a slut. I grabbed two fists full of hair, positioned my cock at her mouth. When she opened her mouth, I plunged my cock down her throat. My balls slapped against her chin as I pounded her mouth. 

I could feel drool seep from her mouth and run down my leg. "I'm getting close baby." 

When I was ready to cum, I pulled from her mouth and shot a stream of cum into her face. The second shot hit her left eye. With her mouth hanging open, I plunged my staff back in and fucked the rest of my cum down her throat.

"Oh baby, you are so fucking hot," I said as I pulled Candy to her feet. I scooped some cum from her cheek and feed it into my mouth. Candy was surprised. I continued to scoop up the cum and feed it between us.

"Go clean yourself. Then meet me in bed."

When Candy slid into the bed, I wrapped my hands around her and kissed her deeply. We kissed and hugged. Then I kissed my way over her neck to her pert tits. Her pink nipples were standing at attention as I sucked them intermittently deep into my mouth.

"Oh yes. God I love nipple play."

I twisted one nipple and sucked the other.

"OOOOhhhhh. YYYesss. Juuust likeee thaaaat!"

Candy exploded. While she came back to earth, I kissed my way over her belly and settled between her spread thighs. Candy's pussy was swollen and dripping wet. Her hooded clit was hard and throbbing. 

Using my lips, I kissed her pussy. As Candy ground her crotch against my face, my kisses turned into deep licks. 

She squirmed around the bed, but I held her ass and continued my oral assault.

"I'mmmm cuuuming again."

As Candy exploded, I shoved three fingers into her tunnel. Her cunt clutched my fingers as she cried out, "AAAAAARRRGGG!!!"

Candy lay in the bed and begged, "Please, no more."

I smiled at her, lined my monster cock with her fuck opening and plunged eight inches in one stroke. Candy's eyes got wide, her mouth opened, but no sound came out.

"Time for some hard core fucking." 

With Candy on her back, her legs spread wide and her ass cheeks in my hands, I pounded my rock hard dick into her pussy. Candy held on for dear life. After three more orgasms, I rolled her over. She was sitting astride my waist with my cock buried in her pussy.

"Fuck me bitch." 

Candy began to ride my cock. I pulled her breast to my mouth and sucked her nipple. As she bent forward, I snuck a hand behind her and worked a finger into her pussy soaked asshole. Her asshole clenched my finger as her cunt fucked my dick. 

Candy had two long hard orgasms and finally slumped against my chest. I let her rest for a few minutes. "Get on your hands and knees Candy."

"I don't know if I can."

"Do it baby. I'll do all the work."

Candy turned onto her knees and I crawled behind her. I lined up with her pussy and pushed in. Her twat sucked in my cock as I pistoned in and out. Candy was beyond reason. She couldn't form words and just grunted and moaned into her pillow.

"I'm getting close baby. I'm going to finish in your ass." Candy's body tensed, but she had no fight left. Her asshole was soaked with pussy juice and open from the constant fingering.

I was able to press four inches past her sphincter, before it clenched shut. Candy sobbed into the pillow as I fucked her vise tight butt. 

"Play with my balls baby."

Candy reached between her legs and massaged my swinging balls. All too soon, I emptied my nuts in Candy's bowel.

I pulled my shrinking dick from her hole and went to the bathroom to clean up. When I returned to bed, Candy was asleep.

As I pulled the covers over me, I remembered that the alarm clock was set to 5:00 a.m. I planned to fuck her again in the morning. 

I also thought about my new friend in Dallas. Leeann thought I was being transferred to that city. We have a date to meet next Tuesday for drinks and dinner.

*

I'm a feedback junkie. Please help feed my habit! Thanks. TSG 