 Best read after the first part 'Confessions of the conference'. Co-workers, both married, come together at a work conference...their passionate encounter continues...

*****

We lay motionless. Still no words. Both breathing heavy. I can feel your heart beating as my hand lays across your chest. Gently I stroke your breast, circling your nipple. You turn on your side, moving in to hold me. You hold me tight. You lean forward to kiss me. But our lips don't meet. It's your turn to divert the kiss. You kiss my neck. I like that. I'm praying you'll touch me but don't want to force you. I needn't worry. You move your kisses up to my ear. "Your turn". Those words stir my manhood, causing it to flinch, still rock hard. Your hand gently moves down my side. You reach the top of my trunks. You pause slightly.

You slip your hand into my trunks, your fingers catching their first feel of my throbbing dick. It wants you. You know this too as you feel the wetness of pre-cum at the tip. Your hand moves further down. You clasp hold. Now you can feel just how excited I am, my rock hard member now in your control. Slowly you move your hand up and down. Up and down. It feels amazing. You continue for a matter of minutes. Still no words. Your gaze is fixed on my trunks. You loosen your grip before letting go. Please don't stop. 

You sit up and move towards the end of the bed. I watch you move admiring your soaked body. You get on your knees and lean over me. Head now above my crotch, your breasts beautifully hanging in front of me. I'm excited. Nervous. You pull at my trunks. They're coming off. I'm not stopping you and lift myself up to help you ease them away. Both fully naked now. I'm vulnerable. You're in control. You take me in, your eyes firmly fixed on my stiffened prick. Again you place your hand on me. Each touch sending me closer to bursting. I won't last much longer.

You start to wank me again. It feels so good. I drop my head back. Hands over my face. The pleasure is almost too much. Then something changes. The feeling around my cock is now softer...and wet. I look up and see you've taken me into your mouth. You release, then bob down again. I let out a satisfied sigh. You liked that. I saw a smile at the side of your mouth that confirms you like it. You're in control for sure. I like it, I really like it. You continue the motion. I don't even know if you done this before but your actions suggest you have. Heart is beating fast now. 

I can't remember ever being this hard. I won't last long now. You sense this. You increase your speed. You're sucking hard and fast. I'm really close. My hands now placed gently on your shoulders. Guiding you up and down. Shit I'm close. Here it comes. I tap on your shoulders to warn you of what's about to happen.

You slow your rythym but you're not stopping. Not just yet. This is tense. I give you another tap. The urgency tells you its happening anytime now. You lift your head away and grab me again with your hand. Then it happens. Streams of cum erupt out of my cock. It keeps coming. You keep moving slowly. Wow. You stop and finally release my now relaxed cock from your grip. You sit up and seductively lick your lips and give me a satisfied smile. You'd enjoyed the control you had. I had too. You fall forward and we gather in a tight embrace. Still no words. We're even.

We lie still on the bed, draped in each other. Still no words. Both trying to process what just happened. Both silently reflecting on how good that felt. Despite spilling my seed my cock doesn't seem to care and has sprung back to life almost immediately. That rarely happens. You've noticed. You take my hand, lead it down your body and gently place it on your pussy. You're soaking wet. Our eyes meet again. You have a wanton look in your eyes. You're not finished. You want more. So do I

Our bodies edge closer, they're damp with sweat. My finger gently strokes your pussy. The intensity increases again. I kiss your lips, passionately. My body leans in towards you. My finger starts to penetrate. You like that. Your lips pull away from mine, you can't control the excitement. I run my lips down your cheek, caressing your neck. I know what you need. 

I add a second finger inside you. I continue to invade you, curling my fingers inside you. Your hips writhe in ecstasy. I move back to kiss your lips. The passion is palpable. My lips move quickly back down your neck, but I don't stop there. Your back arches as the excitement builds. I kiss your breasts, the sensation tingles your nipples as you let out a soft moan. I slowly pull my fingers out, moving back to kiss your lips. I ask you if you're OK. You nod, the anticipation is electric. I move my body onto yours. I'm desperate to fuck you. Your expression tells me you want it too. 

We're hesitant. Our dripping bodies grip together. We caress each other but we're holding back on fully connecting, my hard cock not yet meeting your drenched pussy. We roll over. You're now on top. Passionate kissing. Intensity is climbing. Our private areas are brushing but I'm not in you yet. I'm hoping I will be soon...

I run my hands along your thighs, up your hips, following the curves of your waist. Then i run my hands run round your back pulling your body close to mine. Holding you tight, our bodies entwined. We roll again, kissing as we move. My body now on top of yours. I know you want me now. My kisses turn softer. I slowly move my erect dick into position. I come into contact, pressing lightly against your pussy lips. "Put it in" you say. Slowly I press against you.

Our eyes remain fixed as my bulging cock moves into you. It's tight at first. You pause your breathing as it goes in. Now it's in, you breathe again. I'm now fully immersed in you. It feels amazing. You let out a satisfied moan. Slowly i move in and out. Caressing your neck with each motion. The pace increases. My arms straighten, lifting my body slightly off yours. I push harder. Deeper. You let out a quiet scream of ecstasy. You smile at me, you're enjoying this. Continuing, faster and faster. I won't take long despite my recent release. My body moves back closer to yours. I stay inside you. I'm getting close again. 

I'm fucking you hard now. You bite your lips with pleasure. I'm deep in you when, with little warning, the passion reaches it's climax. I erupt inside you. Wow. That was hot. I'm still in you, breathing heavy. I pull out, moving to one side. We lay there, staring into each others eyes, contemplating what we've just done, wondering what comes next...

...to be continued...