 The third (and final?) part of 'Confessions of the conference'. Co-workers, both married, come together at a work conference...their passionate encounter continues...

***

Time passes, you get up. No words are spoken and you walk away. I hear the shower turn on and you get in. Seconds pass but they feel like minutes. I wonder if we're now done but then I hear you..."Are you going to join me?" My cock twinges with excitement, the tip wet with lust. I don't need asking twice. Up i get and walk into the bathroom. Wow. I see you in the shower, your hands working through your hair, back facing me through the clear glass door. The light is brighter in here, I get my first unrestricted view of your form. I like it. I take a moment to look you up and down admiring what I see. The glass starts to mist, obscuring my view. I need to be in there with you.

I open the shower door. You turn to face me, grabbing my hand, pulling me in. The warm water flows over my face and you lean in to kiss. Passionate kissing. More so even than before. Our lips locked in union. We kiss for minutes. Hands caressing each other's bodies, whilst soaking under the soft shower. We both now know how we like to be kissed. I push forward, your back presses against the tiles, cold at first, the sensation forces you forward, tight into me. I grab your hands and pin them high against the shower wall.

The shower spray is now splashing against my back. I'm in control. For now. I pull out of our kiss, stare you in the eyes. This is hot. Both full of lust. Full of anticipation. I lean in again and kiss your neck. I move around and down. I kiss your beautiful, soft breasts. Your nipples are erect. I circle my tongue on them. I now know you like that. Your body spasms forward. You do like that. 

I release your hands. I'm still in control though. I quickly spin you round. Your front now pressed against the shower wall. I pin myself to you. You feel my hard cock against your cheeks. Passion almost explosive now. I move your hair to one side and plant kisses on the nape of your neck, slowly teasing my tongue across your shoulder and down your back. You let out gentle moans with each touch. As I proceed down your back I reach round and cup your breasts, playfully pinching your swollen nipples.

I move back up to your neck and spin you back round. We kiss. You reach down and take hold of my cock. Hard like before. You begin to play with it. The feeling is amazing. My hands are now clasped on your behind, squeezing tighter as a consequence of each motion of your hand on my cock. I enjoy the feeling but I decide it's your turn again. I pull out of your grip and fall to my knees. 

I lift your left leg, resting it over my shoulder, before forcefully pressing my mouth into your soaked puss. You tense, grabbing the shower rail, it's all that prevents you collapsing to the floor. I suck you in, planting kisses on your swollen lips, then playfully draping my tongue across your clit. You shudder with delight, rising to the tips of your toes. You won't be long. Your body can't stay still, you don't know what to do with yourself.

As I address your pussy, your hips writhe back and forth, rotating. I can feel the heat of the shower rain falling between your legs as I continue to feed on you. I love your taste. You're close now. You place your hands heavy on my shoulders, gripping tight. I forcefully lick your clit, my motion getting faster and faster. Your writhing gains speed. It's coming. You're coming. 

You tremble. Your body gyrating, much like before, but now you're upright and losing control. The ecstasy rises to its peak. You let out a satisfied whimper. You're done. Your movement slows again. Your breathing now at it's heaviest. I look up at you. Your head drops back against the shower wall. "Wow, Wow" you repeat with a wide smile on your face, eyes closed.

I sit back against the tiles. You let yourself fall into my lap. You're now cradled in my arms. I hold you. You lay your head against my shoulder. We sit quietly letting the soft, warm water fall over us. Breathing returning to normal. We say nothing, both quietly contemplating the last couple of hours, wondering what happens next.

I take your hand, gently placing a kiss on top. You look up at me, water still running down. You kiss me. It's sensual again. I love the way you kiss. I lift you up and you thrust your legs tight around my waist. Still kissing, I carry you out of the shower and make the short journey to the bed. The bed sheets, still ruffled from our previous activity, are flung to one side. I lay you down gently. I lay myself down, my body now on yours. We kiss.

We break from the kiss. Eyes fixed. No words. I edge myself up a little. "I want you in me again". I do as you say. Slowly I press against you. Our eyes remain fixed as my bulging cock slides into you, there's no resistance this time. You let out a satisfied moan. Slowly I begin to move my hips. Gently moving my cock in and out of your pussy. You like this.

Your nails grip my back. You try not to grip too tight. You don't succeed. Your sharp touch causes me a pleasurable pain, I tense as they dig in. You release. Not through choice. I've taken your hands in mine and moved them above your head. I'm in control here. 

I use one hand to hold both your wrists together. Held tight. I take your left breast in my other. Squeezing gently. I suck into it, licking the pert nipple. I repeat on the right, then alternating. Your nipples are sensitive, now I know that and I'm taking advantage. All the time thrusting slowly into you, avoiding repetitive motion. You've wrapped your legs around me and pulled me in. You want me in deep. You want all of me.

God only knows how much time passes, but it's a while. This sex is good, we've connected. Our rhythms in time with each other, gyrating in unison. We both moan in satisfaction, gentle moans, nothing too loud. Quiet ecstasy. I don't know if your normally loud. I don't care. I can see you're loving this. I can feel you're loving this.

Our bodies are now completely drenched. I up the pace of my thrust. You like this. Your groans now louder, your face flush with excitement. You have a grip on me. The sensation of my cock sliding into you is insane. Deep penetration each time. This sex is really good. I release myself from inside you. I pull away and flip you round. I lift you up. You're now on your knees. 

I'm kneeling behind you. I place one hand on your soft butt cheek. I place my other on your soaking pussy. You flinch. I roll my finger across your swollen clit. You flinch again. You look back at me over your shoulder. Face still flush. Your eyes glistening with lust. You like me playing with your clit but your look tells me that you want me fucking you again. And I will.

From behind, I lean in, take my cock in my hand and guide myself into your welcoming pussy. You're still soaking wet. That feels good. I place my hands at the base of your of your back, stroking your soft skin. I grab hold of your hips. I thrust into you. You press your head into the bed, hands placed on your head. This is intense.

I speed my thrust, now pounding into you. You like it. A lot. We continue this for while. All the time I'm behind you I'm cupping your tits, playfully touching your nipples. They're erect. I do love that. You love that. I move my hands to your shoulders, lightly pulling them back as I move in and out of you. I'm getting close. My hard cock readying itself to explode again. 

Suddenly you've had enough of being controlled. You want to be dominant now. You pull yourself away, turn and push me down onto my back. You straddle your legs across me before carefully guiding yourself onto my throbbing rod. Wow. That felt good. You pause for a moment, as if regaining some composure. I use this time to enjoy looking at you. Those perfect breasts now in clear view. You're ready now.

Slowly you begin to ride my cock. Picking up the pace you fall into a rhythm that works. It really works. You're upright, hands pressed down on my chest for stability. You like this. You're in control, as you wanted. Your movements press me deep into you. My excitement is building. I won't last much longer. My cock aching to a conclusion.

You lean forward into me, still riding my cock. We kiss. The passion evident as our lips meet. Your motion speeds. I'm getting close. I look you in the eyes. You know I'm close. You get faster, more aggressive. I moan with pleasure. You moan with pleasure. I'm close. You ride me hard. Kissing me with aggression. You want me to cum. You win. I erupt again. I feel a stream of cum shoot out of me. Into you for a second time today. I keep cumming, even more than before. I don't know how. My cock twitches, now semi-hard but still inside you. No words are spoken. 

We are both spent. Our exhaustion kicks in. The room has been heated by our sex. Its overpowering. You collapse onto me, laying motionless but for heavy breathing. I'm still inside you. Our hearts pounding fast, pressed against each other. After a while you drop to my side. I pull you in close. Arms wrapped around you. No words. Just holding. No words. I look at you. That was special. We both close our eyes, drifting to sleep through exhaustion. Time to rest. We sleep.