 I have this curious characteristic about me. People tend to tell me things that I don't ever ask them to tell. For some reason, once we get past the pleasantries, their closets open and out come all these secrets. 

In high school I became everyone's confessor, and they started calling me Father Sterling. In college, I simply became Priest, and it didn't matter where I went or what job I held, from the staff to the customers, someone was always tugging on my shirt tail, pulling me aside, and whispering their sins in my ear. Depending on who owned the lips, that wasn't always a bad thing.

So it was when I was tending bar at Red River that my next parishioner walked through the door. She was a pretty thing - long blond hair down to her waist, legs up to her neck, body built by God's merciful hands. A gorgeous white woman with a black woman's round, heart shaped ass. Jesus, her jeans were the greatest story ever told. 

When she smiled, her hazel eyes shimmered, and I felt it all the way down to my balls. Got a fucking hard on as she pulled up a seat and asked to see the manager. I offered her a cold beer on the house as I went to the back office to get Marty. 

"There's a fucking beauty out there wantin' to talk to you, you lucky son of a bitch. If she's looking, hire her!" 

"For what?" 

"Who the fuck cares? After you see her, you'll know why." 

Marty half laughed as he spit a wad of tobacco in his foam cup and got his fat ass out of the chair. I smirked as I watched the old man walk out of the office and stop dead in his tracks before composing himself. I saw that old perv grab his crotch as he walked over to her, evidently having the same reaction I did, and in fifteen minutes, we had a new waitress. 

"Welcome to the Red River," I told her and smiled, reaching down for another beer. "Good to have you."

"You might wait until you get to know me first before you decide on that one." 

I laughed. She laughed. Oh, I really liked her now. Katy was from Katy, Texas, so I don't know if that was her real name or not. I really didn't care. She was fucking hot and a lot of fun. Spit nails and wit at you like buckshot, but you couldn't help but like her. Katy didn't take any shit, and she didn't like being chased. Marty found that out real quick when he kept pushing himself on her. 

"Look, I don't open my legs for anybody unless I want to." She emphasized the "I" hard, and the word hissed from between her lips like the whisper of a snake's tongue. "There's not enough of you or any other man to break me open and get into my pants. So, if you want me to stay, it's on my terms. If not, I'll take my couple days pay right now, and you can kiss my white ass!" Now that was my kind of woman. 

Things settled down a bit in about a week or so, and we all got chummy and started having a real good time together. Marty's wife hated Katy. She was too pretty, she said. Well, truth hurts, don't it? Anyway, we soon got into a routine. When all the drunks went home, and Katy and I were left alone cleaning up and closing down, we shot the shit. And flirted. 

In the past few weeks, flirting became quite normal for us. One night somebody played some rap shit on the jukebox, and she dared me to dance with her. I couldn't resist. As soon as we got on the dance floor, she started moving. Good God, not only did she have a black woman's ass but she had the moves to match. 

Katy knew real well what to do with what God gave her, that's for damn sure, and when she pulled me to her and turned around, popping that ass up and down against my crotch, I about blew a load right then and there. We laughed it off then, but we weren't laughing now. 

"What's with you tonight, K? You seem a little distracted." 

"Just some old shit." 

"Boyfriend, shit?" 

"In a way." 

As we talked, she started telling me that her brother-in-law had died, and she didn't know if she was going to the funeral. I figured it was the usual in-law kind of shit. I poured me a whiskey and got her a beer while she rolled a joint for us to smoke. Taking a few tokes, she then started telling me about her and Doug. 

"The thing is I liked him the first time I saw him, but he came on too strong, and I did my thing and walked off. In fact, I left to go to school in Austin. When I came back on Christmas break, I found out he was dating my sister. We saw each other at the family Christmas party, and he looked so good. 

Later that night, one of our freak ice storms hit. So, he and my sister stayed the night at our parent's house. I tried not to think about it, but I found myself thinking about him. I walked outside to smoke a cigarette, when I heard the screen door quietly open and shut. I turned around and there he was." 

She took a sip of her beer and re-lit the joint, taking a long, deep drag and then passed it to me as she eased the smoke out of her nostrils and from between her lips at the same time. Both lines of smoke met in front of her in a perfect forty-five degree angle. May sound strange, but watching her do that was sexy as hell. I took another sip of whiskey and nodded for her to continue.

"Anyway, we sat by the still half-lit bonfire and talked about how cold it was. He put his arm around me and held me tight. Well, I looked at him, he looked at me, and then we kissed. That man was quite a kisser, and I could feel that he wanted me as much as I wanted him. So, we quietly snuck over to his SUV, got in the back, and he put his stubbly warm face right under my shirt and went straight for my breasts. He just opened his hot lips and sucked my nipples, awakening them from hard and cold to hard and hot. 

I lay back, pulled down my jogging pants and panties, and spread open my legs so he could get a full view of my pussy dripping wet and waiting for his cock. He made me feel so good, made sure that I was good and wet, licked me to orgasm, sticking his tongue in my tight cunt, putting his thick fingers inside and then finally rubbing swollen dick in between my pussy lips before pushing in. I thought he would split me in two. The son of a bitch turned out to be nearly nine inches long, but it hurt so good." 

I listened intently as my cock got harder and harder. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, but I couldn't stop listening, either. 

"Doug went slow, so I could get used him. My God, his cock was so wonderful. He was a grower, not a show-er, and boy, let me tell you, he was quite a pleasant surprise. By my first look at him, I thought he might reach seven, but after he got good and hard, well, I knew why sister liked him, and when he put the head in, I literally felt it pop into my cunt. Oh God, Priest, I was so excited, and when he finally got all of his big fat cock inside me, and he started slowly moving his hips, holding himself up with his hard, strong arms and stayed close enough so he could lean down and kiss me, teaching me to suck his tongue while he fucked me, like my cunt was sucking his cock, God, I was in heaven." 

And so was I. 

"He said it felt so good for me to do that because my cunt was sucking his dick and my mouth was sucking his tongue at the same time. And when he shot off inside me, I could feel his dick throbbing and pulsing, and I spread my legs even wider as he jerked himself in and out until he finished. I could feel the thick wet cum flowing out of my pussy and creeping down the crack of my ass. He was such a good fuck." 

I can tell, I thought to myself. 

"We should have stopped but we didn't, and we continued fucking for three months. He'd sneak up to Austin on business every chance he got, and we'd hang out, go to bars, listen to local music, go to my apartment and fuck all night long. My sister had gone to UCLA for college, so she didn't come back until Spring Break, which gave us time. But we got greedy. 

When she was back, we got hungry for each other, and while she went shopping with our mom, I drove into town and met Doug at my family's house. We were in the garage, and I was bent over the hood of my daddy's Monte Carlo, spread wide as wide as the Rio Grande. He pumped his cock inside me harder and harder, leaning over me and rocking the hell out of the shocks. As he was shoving the last of his hot load in my hole, my sister and my mom both walked in. We were literally caught with our pants down!" 

I laughed, though I wasn't sure if I should. 

"I told her it was the first time. I told her I was sorry. She refused to speak with me ever again. My mom threw me out and didn't speak to me for six months, and so I was the black sheep of the family until after my sister and Doug got married, to which I did not receive an invitation. 

Now I get a message from my mom that Doug was killed in a car wreck and the funeral is on Tuesday. You know, my sister and I haven't spoken in years. Even at different events we both happen to be at, she doesn't acknowledge my existence. I tried writing to her, but they all got sent back to me unopened. I'm a blocked user on her email list, and she hangs up on me or simply doesn't answer the phone when I call, so what are you gonna do?" 

She never cried. Not Katy. Just a couple tears she quickly flicked off as she inhaled the last of the joint and popped the roach into her purse. 

"Anyway, I don't know why I'm telling you this. I guess I just needed to make confession, but I knew I could share this with you. Nobody else would understand. The few men I've mentioned even a little bit of this to got all religious on me or started treating me like I was some sleazy whore, so I learned to keep it in, until now. I hope you don't mind." 

She looked at me, my face flushed red and my hands under the table trying to keep my cock from exploding in my pants. Katy grinned. "I don't think you do mind, do you?" As usual, she knew what she was doing.

I swallowed the last of the whiskey in my glass, licked the residue off my lips, and smiled. "No, K, I don't mind." 

She got up out of her chair and walked behind me, putting her small tight breasts with their nipples hard and erect against my shoulders as she leaned over to my ear and said, "Got a little worked up, did you?" 

She reached down, moved my hands and touched my rock hard bulge and then rubbed it. It was all I could stand. 

I reached up and pulled her around. Like she'd done getting on her barrel racing horse, she threw one long leg high up and over and straddled me. She put her arms around me, and we kissed. Our tongues danced between our tightly pressed lips. Katy's soft skin felt good against the five a.m. shadow on mine. Her body was hard and firm, everything perfectly set. Just touching her was enough to make a man shoot his wad. 

Caressing her slowly, memorizing all her curves, Katy let me stroke all those nice spots seen and unseen that make a woman sigh, until she decided I had done enough driving for the moment. She grabbed my hands and pushed them down on to her thighs. I relaxed and leaned back as she reached down, unbuckled my belt, opened my pants up, and let my suffocating cock get some much needed air. 

"Nice," she hotly whispered, smiling as she reached down and stroked my dick to its full length. 

I closed my eyes, enjoying her touch, the way her fingers wrapped a ring around my shaft and stroked painfully slow, up and down then twisting around the crown. My jaw dropped open as my cock drooled, threatening to blow. "Don't cum, Priest. I want you to give me a good, slow fuck and make me cum first. Can you do that for me?" I grinned stupidly and shook my head. 

Standing up, I held her around the waist and supported her back as she kept her legs tightly wrapped around me. Goddamn, the woman had leg muscles like you wouldn't believe. If you don't know about girls who ride horses, you need to find one and find out. Then you'll get what I'm talking about. And when you do, get back with me and tell if she wasn't the best fuck of your entire life! 

Anyway, I laid Katy back on the table, and she unwrapped her legs while I quickly took her jeans and thong off. She'd already kicked the damn heels off herself. I looked down between her legs. Her pussy was shaved, and she had a scorpian tat just above her slit, the barbed tail curling downward and pointing the way to my favorite poison. I leaned my face down, and she put her legs over my shoulders as she spread out like a butterfly's wings. 

Her pussy smelled so good, spicy. I let my tongue take a full tour, running up and down her slit, in between the lips, into her pussy hole where I tongue fucked her as deeply as I could while she moved her hips up and down against me. Katy ran her hands through my hair, pressing my head against her and rubbing my face the way she needed it most. I definitely did not have a problem being her toy.

As I enjoyed lapping the juices from her cunt, I eased my way up towards that scorpian. When I got to her clit, it was so excited it protruded like a tiny penis waiting for a blow job. Well, I ain't no queer, but I know what a good blow job feels like, and I licked and sucked her clit like a faggot on a dick. She moaned softly, letting her body show me what she liked. 

Wasn't long before I made her cum. Her sweet cunt bathed me with her juices, mixing with my whiskey tainted spit with her pussy scent. I reached for my cock, leaned over her, and rubbed the head all over her cunt before sliding it in long and easy. 

I fucked her slow, just like she asked for, enjoying every inch of her around my dick. She pulled me tight against her as she wrapped her legs around me, grinding her heels into my ass cheeks and regulating me to her pleasure. I wanted to pump her like a new well, but I couldn't stop looking at her face, how much she was enjoying our fucking, how goddamned beautiful she smiled with every stroke, and it made me want to keep fucking her until she couldn't stand it anymore. 

I rolled my ass, long and deep painful strokes, and then pulled back until my dick nearly popped out and then popped it back in. At last, she got this grin and exhaled. "Oh, yeah, fuck me. Fuck me, Priest!" 

She didn't have to say it twice. I started hunching on her like a street hound, pumping my hips in and out, shooting load after load into her steaming cunt. I felt like I would never stop. The fucking table rocked dangerously close to breaking as I pumped harder and harder, down to the last drop. Sweat dripping all down my face and balls, my shirt soaked. Taking deep breaths, I lay on her as she held me tight. "Goddamn, Priest. You're a good mother fucker." 

"Didn't know you were a mother, K." 

"Fuck you." 

"Anytime, baby. Anytime." 

She kissed me and then pushed me roughly to get off her. Same sweet Katy. I could barely see straight, but I managed to stand up, pull my pussy-soaked pecker out and tucked it back safely behind the gate. Katy got dressed, and we straightened up our mess. I looked at my watch. 

"Well, what time is it," she asked. 

"Six thirty. Wanna get some breakfast?" 

"You buying?" 

"You made more tips that I did, tonight," I joked. 

"Yeah, but you got to fuck ME." 

"Okay, I'll buy." 

We went to breakfast at the cafe around the corner. Katy and I had a lot of fun while we both worked at Red River, and she told me a lot more, but you'll have to wait another time for the rest of that story. I can honestly say that I fell in love with Katy. It wasn't just because she was a hot lay. Katy was fantastic and fun. I miss her, but that, too, is another story for another time.