 I would like to thank Tanyastoes for all her help with the story. Thanks again :) 

*

When I finally got into bed I couldn't sleep. All I could think about was Amber and how hot that blowjob was. I still felt guilty about cheating on Janet who was sound asleep next to me, but couldn't get Amber out of my mind.

At 2 am I was still staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep. I got stuck thinking about whether things would be awkward with Amber the next day at work, wondering whether she would bring it up or if we would both pretend it never happened.

My phone vibrated as it received a text. I instantly hoped it was Amber. I quickly unlocked my phone and opened the SMS. It was from Amber. My heart started beating faster as I read it.

"Hi Dirty Boy. I cant sleep.... are we on for lunch tomorrow?"

I really wanted to see her again and have lunch, but knew it was wrong. I decided not to reply and try to get some sleep. When I woke up the next day, I was wrecked after too little sleep, but thinking about the night before was keeping a smile on my face.

By the time I got to work, I had already read Amber's text 4 or 5 times, but still hadn't replied. When I got to my desk, I checked my email and found a message from Amber.

"Hi, I really need to talk to you. Can we please go out for lunch?"

I was sitting there thinking that I shouldn't see her again, but knew how bad it would be to ignore her after what we had shared the night before. I sat there in a daze for another 10 minutes getting no closer to a decision.

Then I saw some movement and looked towards the office door. Looking through the window at me were Amber's piercing green eyes. She looked nervous and upset. Before I could smile or wave, she walked off. I couldn't leave things like that, so I replied to her email arranging lunch for 1 o'clock.

A few minutes later I got a reply.

"Thanks Damian :)"

Just before 1, I called a lift and nervously thought about how to play the situation. The lift doors opened and Amber was standing inside alone. She was wearing white heels and tight dark blue jeans which clung to her hips and thighs creating a sexy V shape in the denim. On top she wore an equally tight black and white singlet. It didn't show much skin, but accentuated her curves and showed off her breasts and flat stomach.

Her black hair was tied back in a ponytail. Her full lips glimmering with lip gloss. Her eyes had more makeup than normal making the green seem even more vibrant. I was stunned, she looked incredible. I had tried to steel myself and not lose focus on trying to keep everything under control; it had taken all of 2 seconds for me to fail.

It wasn't until I stepped inside the lift that I noticed how nervous she looked. She was breathing fast and seemed even smaller and more delicate than normal.

"Hey Amber"

Her mouth opened but nothing came out. She swallowed and tried again, quietly she said, "Hi."

"Are you OK?"

She nodded, then smoothed her singlet. Watching her hands run down her body drove me crazy. We started walking to a small Gyoza restaurant we often ate at on Fridays in an awkward silence. I wanted to try and lighten the mood but nothing seemed appropriate to say.

We sat in a two person booth facing each other and ordered. When the waiter left, she looked up at me.

"Damian, after last night...."

She paused and swallowed then continued, "Do you think I'm.... do you not want to see me anymore?"

I started to answer but she continued, "I've never done anything.... like that before.... I thought you liked it?"

"Amber, I did like it."

She smiled but didn't seem to relax.

"I thought you might not want to have anything to do with me. Is that how you feel?"

"No, not at all."

Before I knew it, I was more honest than I wanted to be and carried on, "I feel guilty because of Janet, but last night was amazing." 

A big smile spread across her face and I could see her relax. She looked away for a moment then her eyes snapped back onto mine and she said, "I cant stop thinking about it.... No one has ever treated me like that...."

I didn't know what to say so just smiled. She took a deep breath then continued, "I'm not sure I got any sleep last night, I was so.... worked up."

"I didn't get much either."

She smiled back at me, her glossy lips looked incredible and my mind started to wander. I was thinking about how last night they were covered in my cum when I suddenly realized she had asked me a question and I had missed it.

"Sorry, I got distracted."

"Oh, really. What was it?"

"Um, it was nothing."

She looked up at me pouting, "Pleeease tell me."

I couldn't think of anything to say quickly enough and she looked so good I just blurted out the truth, "It was your lips, they look really hot."

She beamed back at me, "Thanks, I'm glad you like them."

She picked up a chopstick and started running it along her bottom lip. After a few strokes back and forth she wet her lips with her tongue. I groaned out loud involuntarily. She giggled cutely and then started tapping the chopstick on her pouted lips. Last night, that had been my cock. She was playing with me, making it even hotter.

She looked around, then reached towards me, took my hand and slid it across the table to her. She then turned it up on its side so my little finger was resting on the table. Amber leaned forward and slid my thumb into her mouth. Her little pink tongue was pressed against the underside of my thumb and felt amazing. 

I moaned as she pushed it all the way in and started sucking on it slowly. Then her eyes locked onto mine and she slowly slid up to the top of my thumb. It popped out of her mouth, still holding my hand she gently rubbed it along her bottom lip. I was so hard it hurt and my heart was pounding so loud I could hear it in my ears.

Then with a cute expression on her face and a perky little voice she teased, "You're thinking about last night aren't you?"

"Fuck.... ahhhh.... yeah I am...."

She smiled mischievously and started digging around in her purse. She pulled out her lip gloss and sexily touched up her lips rubbing the little wand back and forth. After pressing her lips together she pouted at me and said, "Did I miss any, we wouldn't want to miss a spot.... would we?"

I only managed to mumble, "Ahhh fuck baby."

"I like it when you call me baby."

A waiter approached with our dumplings, but my appetite for food was gone. Amber didn't eat much either and quickly I was left sitting there with a rock hard cock admiring her gorgeous face.

"Do you like my heels?"

She pushed her foot out from the booth so I could see. They were patent white with a 3 inch heel and looked hot. I was about to answer her when I noticed the white fishnets under her heels. I looked up at her and she smiled knowingly.

"They look good on you...."

She pulled the leg of her jeans up a bit showing me the stockings running over her ankle.

"Thanks, I like them."

She reached down and ran her fingers up and down the exposed fishnets.

"Fuck that looks hot baby."

She pulled at her stockings and said, "I couldn't help it Damian, when I got dressed this morning I had to put these back on. They make me feel so sexy, even under jeans.... they remind me of last night."

Then she moaned quietly, I was so turned on and could feel every inch of my cock pressed into my jeans. She stood up and said, "I'll be right back."

She headed off towards the bathroom. I watched her every movement, seeing her round ass bounce ever so slightly with each step. She turned around and smiled at me. I somehow managed to not follow her in there. Instead I sat in the booth trying to calm myself down.

A few minutes later she walked back to our booth and sat down. I felt her hand under the table rest on my knee. I slid my hand forward to take her hand but instead I felt something soft and warm. She pushed it into my hand and put on her innocent face. 

I pulled my hand back and looked down. In my hand was a moist, neon pink lace G string. The crotch was soaked and I could smell the faint aroma of her pussy. 

"Fuck baby you're driving me crazy."

"You can keep those."

"The rest of the day with no panties?"

"No, I brought extra in my handbag. I know how you like them...."

I wasn't thinking straight, I felt like I was going to explode. Then she asked, "What are you doing tonight?"

"Um.... Janet and I are going out for dinner."

"We should do a double date, it will be fun. Darren has nothing on tonight."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea."

"Its OK, i'll be good, I promise. I've never met Janet."

I don't know whether it was because I was so horny and my brain wasn't working but I agreed to meet up with them for dinner. Amber seemed far too happy about it. 

I sat back down at my desk that afternoon with Amber's soaked panties in my pocket and couldn't help going to the bathroom to have another look. I locked the door and pulled them out. Feeling the lace between my fingers I held them up and smelt her delicious pussy on them, it was such a turn on. She knew what she was doing and it was driving me crazy.

However by midafternoon I felt sick with nerves. Janet was no fool and I was terrified that even if Amber did behave, Janet would read the situation. But I was trapped now.

I had always felt that I didn't really deserve Janet. It wasn't just her looks, she has a charisma about her, the kind of person people want to be around. We met when I was moonlighting as a bouncer at a few clubs. This tall, slim, busty blonde with big blue eyes was having a drunken argument with a guy outside the club next to mine. Being Janet, she gave him a good right hook to mouth. He hit her back and I stepped in. I had to drop him twice before he gave up. I put her in a cab and regretted not asking her out.

The next Friday she was queued up outside my club with 3 of her hot girlfriends. She flirted with me and we hit it off. She is hot, stunning but not really my normal type. I had always fallen for petite dark haired girls and never had the blonde bombshell crushes like a lot of my friends. 

Janet is a surfer and almost a tom boy in attitude; she pulls no punches and is streetwise. However she dresses like a lady and takes care of herself. Whenever I leave the house with her I see guys checking her out and avoiding my gaze when I catch them. 

The more I thought about it the more I convinced myself that Janet would see the chemistry between Amber and I, then there would be trouble.

I called to let her know about our double date, she answered, "Don't try and cancel our dinner tonight you prick."

"Hah, I'm not."

"Finally learning Damian?"

"I'll teach you a lesson when we get home if you're not careful."

"Fuck off, you know you can't handle me."

I have actually learnt a lesson and that is not to get into any sort of competition with Janet, including shit talking. Janet would never admit it but she is fiercely competitive.

"We need a table for 4."

"What? Who else is coming?"

"Amber and Darren."

"What, and you think I can magic up another table? Don't you know how hard it is to get in there?"

She was right, the place we were going was always packed. A Spanish restaurant that people like to go to and showoff. I hated the place and loved the food. One of the chefs, Mike, surfed with Janet and had it bad for her. Another reason I didn't like going there.

"Yeah I know, but I also know that poor Mike would fry his own fingers for you."

"I'll try. So I finally get to meet little miss lunch date, eh?"

"She wants to meet you too."

"Don't fuck with me Damian; you've been hiding her from me."

"I have not."

Then she put on a school girl voice and started teasing me, "Awww you've got a big crush on her don't you?"

"No, we are just friends; you know what my work is like."

"Awww, 'just friends', how sweet."

She laughed away enjoying winding me up.

"Finished teasing me yet?"

"No, you wait till dinner hahahaha."

"Maybe I should just cancel it."

"No chance and you're wearing a suit tonight, the black one."

"Since when do you dress me?"

"Since now, I want you looking really hot tonight, you know how good it looks."

"Why?"

"Aren't you going to say how good that suit looks?"

"No."

"I didn't spend all that money so you can pretend it doesn't look good."

"Fucks sake, yes it looks good. Now why?"

"Cause I want to show you off to her."

"You're crazy."

"Bye."

I was nervous before, now I was petrified.

That night from the moment I got out of the shower, I was busy getting dressed and bossed around by Janet. I wasn't going to fight it, I needed as many brownie points as I could get, just in case -- not that brownie points ever seemed to matter with Janet. 

"Not that shirt, the black one."

"Don't you think you're taking this a bit far?"

"No I don't and wear this watch, not that fucking thing."

Being 6'4" and broad, suits generally make me look even broader with some making me look comical. Tonight's suit Janet had tailor made for me. All the visits to the tailor were annoying at the time but I had to admit it was the nicest suit I have owned. I still looked broad but it was not exaggerated and the wool hung perfectly.

I turned around and Janet gave me a once over.

"Fuck yes, that's it. You look so good in black, it matches your dark features. I want to take it all off you right now. Little miss lunch date is in for a shock."

She laughed looked me up and down again and started laughing harder.

"Amber's seen me dressed for work, this is no different."

Then she really started laughing.

"Damian you really are clueless. Your work's dress code is shit. Some nice pants and a shirt is not the same as a suit. Especially not that suit."

"The only difference is a jacket."

"No, no, no. Nice suits are to women what lingerie is to men. Plus that suit is perfectly fitted."

"I'm not sure I believe that."

"That's fine, YOU don't have to but I know you're going to get her panties wet."

She laughed even harder at my uncomfortable expression.

"What are you wearing?"

"This little black dress."

She smiled and pulled it out of the wardrobe. It was a black cami dress that finished a bit above the knee and fitted her perfectly. I had seen her wear it once before and it looked amazing on her. Her shoulders looked great from all the swimming and she filled out the bust showing off her cleavage.

She laid it out on the bed and then picked out a tiny black G string with see through mesh around the front with a matching strapless bra. She dropped her towel and I started to get hard watching her pull on her panties and arrange her bra. She put on black 4 inch heels, her long legs looked amazing and she knew it. Her ass had no wobble at all, firm and tight. It was amazing and I know other guys would dream about it but I liked asses a little bigger.

She looked up, "Not yet, but I want you worked up a little."

She smiled devilishly, walked over to me then turned around and pushed her ass back against my cock, working up and down. Looking over her shoulder at me she put on her best bedroom eyes and I groaned. She smiled and while keeping her legs straight bent over at the waist and touched the ground.

"Ahhh you're nice and hard for me."

She walked back to her dresser and started doing her makeup.

"You tease."

"Shush, you love it."

I went into the lounge and nervously waited on the couch. When Janet walked out she looked stunning, I knew she would look good, she always did. But with her hair up in a bun with some locks framing her face and her tanned arms and bust contrasting against the black dress she looked like a movie star. 

"You look amazing."

"Let's go get drunk."

When we arrived at the restaurant, it was bustling. There were a lot of people waiting for a table so when we gave our reservation we were seated as not to block the way. People turned and looked at Janet as she entered the room. It made me feel awkward and clumsy.

The table was against the back wall with a leather bench on the wall side and chairs on the open side. I pulled out a chair for Janet and but she wanted to sit on the bench. I went to take the chair but she motioned for me to sit on the bench too.

"Aren't you going to sit opposite me?"

"No I want to watch."

She smiled.

"You're going to be very disappointed."

She openly laughed at me shaking her head, but her charisma had me laughing with her.

"When she gets here Damian I want you to get up and walk her back to our table."

"Why this place isn't that big, she'll see us."

"Because I want her to see you in that suit."

"Fuck Janet, you're like some secret agent with all these plans."

She just laughed some more. Then I saw Amber walk in. I had to instantly concentrate to not let anything show on my face. She was wearing a black bodycon mini dress that was beyond snug. It was square cut, had no shoulders and long sleeves. Her black hair was down, parted at the side and flowed down onto her shoulders in waves. She had on black heels and a simple choker pearl necklace.

I was stunned. Her green eyes were shining brightly scanning the room. She was alone. Janet looked like a movie star; Amber looked like a femme fatale. I was so nervous after seeing her I forgot to get up right away. I stood and I felt Janet snap to attention.

I walked across the room towards Amber, our eyes met. She looked me up and down and when I got close she let out a radiant smile.

"Wow you look amazing Amber, our table is over here."

"Thanks.... I haven't seen you in a suit before."

"I thought I should dress up a bit for tonight, lucky I did with you in that dress."

She smiled again and I let her pass, as I turned around Janet made eye contact with me and her cheeky grin was gone. I couldn't read everything going on behind her eyes but I was sure it wasn't all good. 

We were all seated and polite introductions were exchanged. I hoped the tension I was feeling was not shared. I asked, "Where is Darren?"

"I'm not sure, he was coming straight from work. I thought he would be here already. I'll go give him a call, excuse me."

She got up and headed for the door. Once her back was turned I felt Janet's hand on my knee, then slide up along my thigh. Then she cupped my balls, I turned and smiled then she squeezed. Hard enough to make me jump, then harder to hurt me. I winced and she released the pressure a little so I was uncomfortable but not in pain.

She stared her beautiful blue eyes at me and I couldn't read a thing.

"What the fuck Damian?"

"What?"

"All this time you failed to mention she was a fucking 10, she's gorgeous."

"We are just friends."

"Don't give me that shit, I bet you rub that big dick of yours every lunch."

She squeezed harder again then released.

"Did you see her face when she saw you in that suit? Did you?"

"No."

"She damn near fainted you fucker."

"I didn't even want to wear it."

She squeezed hard again making me double over a bit. She leaned in close and said, "I know the type of girls you go for Damian, the girl at the Laundromat, that little slut that flirts with you at Ralph Lauren. Ooooh this one must drive you fucking crazy!"

"Not at all, its not like that."

"Don't deny she's hot, or I'll rip these off."

"OK OK, she's hot."

She stopped squeezing my balls and slid her hand up to my cock. She gently rubbed it looking me in the eye. I didn't know what the fuck was going on. I said, "I'm not going to do anything and neither is she, she has a boyfriend."

"Bah, boyfriend? That doesn't mean shit."

"What so you go around cheating on me do you? I'm your boyfriend."

"Do not try and turn this around on me Damian."

She scowled at me but kept rubbing my cock. Amber was walking back towards us, I tried to push Janet's hand off my cock but she pushed back and kept rubbing.
