 In all the years that I had known her, I would have never thought our relationship could have veered in that direction. We always said that we were like brother and sister, always joking about how much we didn't like each other. Julia is my best friend's wife. Jason has been my friend ever since I moved to his neighborhood while we were in high school. Alice, my wife, has been friend with Julia almost all her life. Ever since my wife and I moved into town, we reunited with Jason and Julia. Now that we all have kids, not a week or two passes by without seeing one another.

Julia and I, when we joked about not being friends, we always made disgusted faces when friends would tell us to get a room. I always knew she wasn't attracted by my type, but I knew it was only indifference, not disgust. Things started to change a couple of months ago. Julia was having a rough time at work, and being in the same line of work, it was easy for me to understand the kind of stress she was having. Because of that, we had more and more serious conversation about our lives and how we would like for our lives to be easier to manage.

A little less than two months ago, a couple of friends and I were at Julia's house for our bi-weekly role playing game night. We have been playing since we were in high school and now we also play to get away from our grown-ups responsibilities. That night, Julia sat in front of me, across the table. She hadn't taken the time to get changed after getting home from work and was still wearing her sexy, knee-high, low neckline, black dress. It was the second time I saw her in that dress and I loved it. It was revealing enough cleavage to show how amazing her big tits are and was short and tight enough to have me dream of her ass for weeks.

As the evening progressed, we bumped our feet under the table multiple times. Accidentally at first and then the contacts got longer and longer. Her feet were silk smooth and every time we touched, I wanted more. She started to rub her feet along my leg, getting higher and higher every time. She finally decided to lay her foot on my chair, right between my legs. By that time, I had a hard-on, as I hadn't had in quite a long time.

As a new song started playing on the radio, she started to follow the tempo by wiggling her feet, brushing against my crotch every now and then. Every time she touched the fabric of my jeans, which were already too tight for the situation, my cock was pulsating from all the excitement. The fact that we were surrounded by people who couldn't know what was going on under the table was the only thing refraining me of taking her right there on the table. Instead, I decided to discreetly lie back on my chair and press my manhood against her foot. Our eyes immediately locked as she gave me a deep lustful look, quickly suppressing the biting of her lower lip so no one would suspect anything.

For the next fifteen minutes, she wiggled her foot to the music. I was having a really hard time to concentrate on what was going on around the table. Then, as it was my turn to play, she started to carefully rub her foot all along the length of my cock. Even though she was giving me a foot job through my jeans, I was on the brink of exploding. As I didn't want to have to explain to my wife the reason to why I had a big load of cum in my pants, I backed my chair a little, enough for her foot to stop touching my hard-on. She instantly understood what was going on and gave me a devilish grin.

Considering she'd almost made me cum in my pants, it was only normal to return the favor. I made a comment on how hot it was, to explain why I would be more comfortable without my shoes. After a couple of minutes playing footsie, I started to slowly slide a foot up her leg. I briefly stopped at her knee to check if anyone seemed to know what was happening. Everyone was still immersed in the game being played and wasn't paying any attention to what was going on under the table. At that moment, Julia leaned back in her chair, sliding her hips a little closer to the edge of her chair.

There wasn't a doubt in my mind that she'd just given me the "go ahead" signal. For the next couple of minutes, instead of going straight for her pussy, I decided to tease her a little bit. Slowly, I moved my foot all along her thighs, from her knees all the way to the point where I would barely brush against her mound.

Teasing her like this was a real test of will. I was ready to dive, mouth opened, under the table to have a taste of her sweet juice. It seemed the teasing had its effect on her too. She seemed more and more eager for me to stop torturing her. Luckily for her, the story around the table had evolved to a point where she could wisely snap, in-game, at me.

—Would you stop beating around the bush and attack the beast!

I froze for a couple of seconds as everyone else around the table started commenting on how risk-taking was important in games. The bigger the risk, the bigger the reward they said. If only they knew how correct they were.

I slowly slid my foot up her leg and rested it on her pussy. Even through her panties and my sock, I could feel the warmth and the moisture of her excitement. She looked at me and discreetly bit her lower lip. Gently, I explored her pussy. Every time I would slide my toe over her clit, I saw her take deeper breath of air.

After a couple of minutes, she faked having to deal with an itch, took hold of my foot and firmly pressed it against her pussy. She rolled her eyes as I rubbed her up and down. She again moved a bit on her chair and started a quick rocking motion, grinding my foot in the process. I could see she was about to cum. Her face blushed a little, her breath was quicker, and my sock was getting wet from all her pussy juices. No one seemed to notice, or if they noticed, they didn't say anything.

The game played took a twist and caused some commotion around the table. I made the most of the situation and shook rapidly my foot as if I was shaking my leg nervously. At that moment, while everyone was making a lot of noise, she went stiff and silent. I felt a wave of hot juice flow all over my foot. Her whole body suddenly relaxed and she smiled at me. I left my foot resting on her pussy and could feel it pulse for a long while after she climaxed.

After a while, I finally put my foot down and put my shoes on.

That night, as I went home to my wife, I fucked her as we hadn't fucked in a long time. I had the images of Julia climaxing in my head. I hoped no one knew what had went on under the table that evening, because I didn't have the intentions to let it be a once in a lifetime event.