 I

She was running her finger around the rim of her apple martini glass, lost in thought. I was two stools to left of her, in a dusky bar, in the middle of the afternoon, somewhere in boondocks near Jacksonville.

I was just recently divorced and in shambles. The details are too painful to iterate. A school chum of mine, Ramesh, had invited me to stay with him and his wife for a few days. He had insisted.

“I know you don’t feel like driving or seeing people but it’ll be good for you. Trust me. And I’d like you to meet Nita. You’ve never met her. You didn’t even come to our wedding,” he lamented.

I agreed reluctantly and told I him would start the five hour drive early the next morning. But I couldn’t stand to be in the apartment alone another night, so I packed quickly and jumped in the car. I figure I’d drive for while, get drunk, spend the night in a hotel, and go see Ramesh and Nita the next morning.

Three hours later I spotted a seedy bar on the side of the road. There was nothing but brush and fences in the vicinity. This was farm country. I stopped and I went in. 

The bartender gave me a toothless grin. He was a short, fat, wizened old man with a dirty shirt that once used to be white. Predictably he was chewing on toothpick. I ordered a beer.

I took a swig and that’s when I noticed her.

She had dark skin, long black lustrous hair, slightly wavy, full lips, big satin-black eyes. She had an Indian nose, a little bit broad. Her face was clear and tan and there was no hint of make-up. A tiny jewel sparkled on her left nostril. She was wearing a snug white t-shirt and jeans. She was thin, and her big breasts looked almost out of place in contrast to her thin neck and arms and waist. Almost.

“Hi,” I said with my best smile.

She ignored me.

“Come here often?” I tried again.

“My God, is that the best you can do.” Her voice was divine, a little bit husky, probably from smoking, with a faint British accent.

“Sorry, I am out of practice. Can I try again?” I said.

She smiled her acquiescence.

“Is that Channel #5?” I asked. “It’s smells wonderful.”

“You’re not very good at this, are you?”

“No,” I agreed, “I was married for a long time and just recently divorced. Out of practice. Ok, so you tell me, what’s a good pick up line. I’m sure you’ve heard them all.”

“That’s a good pickup line. To ask a girl what’s a good pickup line,” she said, pointing a finger at me for emphasis. She had a way of tilting her head when spoke that was positively endearing. It made the shimmer on her silky black hair undulate. She had obviously had a few drinks.

I moved next to her. “You’re Indian. What are you doing here?”

“No,” she said, turning on her stool to face, “that’s not a good line. What you mean is what’s a nice Indian girl doing in a dingy bar in the middle of the afternoon in the middle of nowhere all alone?”

I started to say something but she interrupted, “Who says I’m nice?”

“I think you’re nice. You have a beautiful face. You’re just--” I stammered.

“My face is up here, why are staring at my tits?” she interrupted coyly, shaking a finger. “Look at me. Let me see your face.”

I turned on the stool and moved it closer to her. My knees were now outside hers, touching her knees. She straightened and I noticed nipples sticking out. Big breasts, and she was showing off. More power to her. She stared at my face and nodded, as if in approval.

“You’re married?” I asked, noticing the wedding band, and rubbing my finger where mine used to be.

“Nah, I just wear this to keep guys like you away. Look, I don’t like to waste time. Do you like me?” 

“Of course.”

“That doesn’t sound convincing. Convince me. Make me feel sexy and desirable,” she purred.

I laughed. “Ok, I’ll try. Here goes,” I continued. “You’re a goddess. Your skin is so clear and beautiful and warm,” I said as I encased both her hands in mine and pulled her closer. “Can you feel my heart thump?” I said pulling her even closer. “My God, your eyes…they’re so hypnotic. Your lips are full and inviting and—“

“Do you want to fuck me?”

I was stunned. I searched her face to see if she was joking, but she seemed to be seriously waiting for an answer.

“Yes.”

“Tell me how.”

“Well, I wouldn’t just fuck you. I would undress you very slowly and enjoy the sight of you. I would kiss your feet and work my way up, and kiss—“

“That’s enough,” she said. “Let’s go.”

“Where?”

“Listen. This is your lucky day. I will let you fuck me. Because you’re awkward and shy and you’re the only thing in here that doesn’t smell. You’ll get a hotel room. A nice one. And you’ll take me there and you’ll fuck the daylights out of me. Make me scream. Hurt me. But don’t ask any questions. When we’re done I’ll leave and we’ll never see each other again.”

I followed her, watching her wiggle her delectable behind. My heart was thumping and my palms were wet; she had had an effect on me.

II

She drove fast and I almost lost her. A few minutes later, we were at a Best Western. I got a room and she followed me quietly. In the elevator, she put her hand on my crotch.

“Something is stirring.” She squeezed softly. She left her hand there, even when the elevator door opened to an older couple waiting for the elevator. I was embarrassed, and I moved quickly, slapping her hand away. She just laughed.

In the room she walked over to dresser and started to take her earrings off. Then she unclasped her necklace. She pulled her T-shirt over her head and her big breasts jiggled. I had a clear view of them in the mirror. They were gorgeous. Full and round and her nipples were high on her breasts. The areoles were not large but the nipples jutted out at half an inch. The nipples and areoles were a darker tan then her skin. She noticed me gawking at her and her movements became deliberate and teasing. She was taking her time.

I walked over to her. I kissed her neck and smelled her hair. I turned her to me and kissed her on the lips. Her mouth felt soft and warm and comforting. Her tongue was playful and skilled. We started undressing, now with urgency. I pulled off my shoes and socks, nearly tripping. Pants, boxers, shirt tearing off the buttons... She kicked off her sandals and simply pulled her jeans down. She wasn’t wearing any underwear. She was completely naked except for a thin gold anklet on her right ankle.

She was clean shaven. But the triangle around her pussy was nevertheless darker than rest of her skin. Her pussy lips were prominent and gorged. Swollen and separated so that I could see pink. I almost expected her pussy to speak, to command me to fuck her.

She got on her knees and took my cock in her mouth, with a practiced move. It disappeared completely in her mouth. She started move back and forth, and then she licked my balls. She took each one in her mouth and I could feel her running her tongue over them. She crawled in between my legs and started licking my asshole.

I gasped. That had never happened to me before. It was thrilling.

She moved back to my cock and swirled her tongue around the head. I wasn’t going to last long.

I pulled her up. “Let me do you first.”

“Okay, lover.”

She laid down on the bed, spread her legs and raised her eyebrows at me, questioning, well what are you waiting for?

Sometimes life is so good. 

I started at the back of her neck because this is the best place to breathe in the scent of woman, this is the place where the feel and smell of hair is most intoxicating this is where I try to memorize the ecstasy forever but cannot. This is where her passion is. I looked at her face. I traced my fingers lightly over her eyebrows and eyelashes, I traced her cheekbone to her chin, I brushed ever so softly her lips. This is how I can look at her and I see wonder and beauty. And put my palm against her cheek and close my eyes and I can see in my mind her warmth, a flickering red warmth. I took her palm and bring it my check to feel your touch. And from her hand I took in the scent of toil and cooking, and the scent of overcoming strength. I kissed the inside of her arm and up the inside of her arm, very slowly. This is where her excitement is, and I can feel it on my lips. And I kiss the top of your shoulder and taste the sunshine and open air and heat. I kiss the middle of your chest, over your heart and it beckons, so I laid my head on her bosom and I heard the pain and hurts but the beat was strong and surviving, and comforting. I felt at peace.

She looked so sexy in anklet only. I drank in with my eyes, patiently and unreservedly, her naked beauty. I moved to her feet, kissing each toe, separately, and her arch and heel and her ankle and came back around to her instep, so that I understood the roads she had traveled and the roads where she had lost her way. And I kissed up her legs to her knees, and the back of her knees, which were slightly moist, and full of her scent, and I understood the weights she had borne. And kissed the back of powerful thighs, and moved up from the coolness of her butt to the warmth of her spine and I kissed up her spine and I caressed and massaged the muscles around her spine, and to the back off her neck. I turned you over. And I spent a long time, with my eyes closed, memorizing your face with my kisses, feeling her peaceful mood through my lips. And I moved down to the center of her chest, and felt her breast and nipple with my cheek and I kissed it lightly, and the other breast, now jealous, demanded attention that I was happy to give. I kissed down the center of her to her navel, kissing just barely, kissing only the light down on her belly so that it made her shiver. And I moved down further, my kisses getting more insistent. And I stopped at her essence, and she was now lost completely in blackness with only one sensation, and she focused on that, and she floated, and did not believe how incredibly light her soul had become, and how it hovered over the universe, and in her ecstasy she took in the wonder and the appreciation of existence, and breathed out, hard, because the sensitivity was just too tender, and she put our head back and shut your eyes tightly so you could remember the feeling of ecstasy that she had just a fleeting moment ago.

Now I had her.

She screamed and she gushed. She actually squirted. I had never seen any other woman do that.

“Come up here,” she said breathlessly and urgently, “come fuck me. God! Where did you learn how to do that? Nobody has ever eaten my pussy like that.”

I wondered silently how many people had tried.

She grabbed my arms and pinched hard, hard enough to hurt. I slapped away her arms and spread her legs wider with my knees. Now I was rough because that’s what she wanted. I manhandled her; I pulled her by the back of the knees closer to me.

I was already hard and she was so wet I slipped in without aid.

I pumped her slowly at first, enjoying the velvety feel of her pussy. She started scratching my back and hitting me. I got the message: she wanted it rough. So I pumped her hard, hard enough that her head was now banging against the headboard.

“Is this what you want, you Indian cunt? You want it hard like this.”

“Yes! Yes! Fuck me bastard. Harder. Harder, don’t be a pussy.”

She had already sucked my cock and I had been in an unbelievably aroused state when I was eating her sweet pussy, so I didn’t last long. I thrust hard and came like I never have before, grunting involuntarily. I squirted and then again and again and again. There was so much come I actually felt it squish out of her cunt and onto my balls.

My sweat was pouring on her face. She licked the sweat off my forehead, slowly, enjoying it, with a naughty smile.

“You’re a really bad girl.”

I extricated my cock slowly out of her cunt, not wanting to spill any come. I laid down beside her. I put a finger in her cunt, and another, and a third and started fucking her with my fingers. I then offered her my dripping fingers. She grabbed my arm and deep throated all three fingers.

“Mmmmmm…..”

I pulled her by the hair and forced her head down to my glistening cock. I laid down on my back and got comfortable, not letting go of her hair.

“Clean it off bitch.”

She licked hungrily and urgently, like a gecko lizard. She licked the come of my balls. She then swallowed my cock completely.

I was hard again.

She slowed down, enjoying the feel of my cock with her tongue. She swabbed the head and then she licked my balls. She got underneath and licked all the way to my asshole. She licked the side of inner thighs. She knew the spots. Wherever she licked I felt the warmth of her tongue and then sudden coolness of saliva left behind. It was ecstasy.

I was again close to coming. I grabbed both sides of her head. I held her still while I pumped her mouth. She stared at me; I stared at her. She looked so devilishly sexy with her dishelved hair and my cock in her mouth and her eyes high in her eye sockets as she maintained eye contact with me. My stomach muscles tightened and my legs tensed and my toes curled and let loose another huge load. Where is all this come coming from, I thought absurdly, even as I was enjoying the impossible pleasure of release. I felt her swallow. My pleasure was doubled knowing that she was swallowing. I had been a long time since a girl swallowed for me. I was breathing hard now and my stomach cramped. I thought I might have pulled a muscle.

She got most of my come. Some dribbled down the side of my cock but didn’t get too far before her gecko lizard tongue got it.

“You taste so good,” she whispered loudly. “Spicy! You must have had curry recently.”

I was still enjoying the afterglow and I couldn’t talk. My abdominal muscles were just beginning to relax but I was still breathing hard.

We fell asleep like that, with her head nuzzled in my crotch.

III

Sometime during the night I was awakened in best way a man can be. Her mouth had engulfed my cock and I could feel her tongue, ever so dexterous.

“I need more,” she said.

She got me hard quickly. “Fuck me in the ass, lover.”

Who was I to argue?

She got on all fours and I got behind her and I jerked her ankles and told her to lie flat. I shoved a couple of fingers in her cunt.

“You’re already wet whore!”

“Yes, darling. Now stop talking and fuck my asshole.”

I used some of her cunt juice to lubricate her asshole. It was tight, but not virgin because one finger slipped in easily. Clearly someone else had been there before.

I lay on top of her and straddled her. I held the head of my cock at her back entrance. I pushed hard and my cock bent at first and then suddenly the head slipped in.

This was another new thrill for me.

She screamed.

“Oww, slow down.”

“Do you want me to stop?” I asked.

“Don’t you dare you sonofabitch! Push it in slowly.”

I wouldn’t have stopped anyway. I pushed. It was surreal to watch my cock slowly disappear inch by inch into her ass. When I was all the way in I paused to let her get used to the sensation.

“Oh, my ass, my ass…”, she whispered, and then she shouted loudly, “Don’t you know how to fuck? Fuck me you worthless-“

I started pumping, not gently and she buried her head in the pillow and whimpered.

“That’s so good,” she muffled into the pillow. “Fuck me harder.”

I fucked her for all I was worth. I knew I would come hard; this was the first anal experience for me and she was just so incredibly sexy. Even in this vulnerable position she had great presence. The smell of hair was intoxicating. She turned her head so I could kiss her. I was kissing her while I was fucking her asshole. Suddenly my body tensed, my neck and abdomen and thighs and toes tensed, almost painfully, and I thrust deep into her ass, and spurted three, four, five times.

She whimpered, “Oh God Oh God Oh God…”

I turned over, my cock slipping out of her asshole with a pop. Her asshole remained open.

I promptly fell asleep.

When I awoke, she was gone. I searched around in case she had left a note but she had not.

IV

The rest of the drive to Ramesh’s house was easy. I followed his directions and found it quickly. I parked on street, grabbed my overnight bag and walked up the driveway. He opened the door before I could knock. I offered my hand to him, which he shook, but then he pulled me towards him and hugged me, holding me a little longer than I felt comfortable with. I don’t remember him being a particularly affectionate person. Maybe marriage had mellowed him out.

“Let me take your bag,” he said. “Go sit down in the living room. Want some coffee?”

“Sure.”

“Still take it black?” he shouted from kitchen. I hunkered down on cushy black leather couch.

“Black is fine.”

“How you been?” he asked as he handed me the coffee mug.

“Yesterday I would have said suicidal. Today I have to say fabulous.”

“Something happened?” he asked with a smile. “Something good?”

“Something very good, ” I said.

“Tell me.”

“Where’s Nita?” I asked. I wanted to know that we had privacy before I went into the details of my escapade last night. He’s simply not going to believe me, I thought.

“She should be home any minute. She was on business trip for a couple of days. She travels a lot.” He continued, “I keep telling her to slow down but she’s full of energy. She’s a great gal. A little conservative in bed though, if you know what I mean. She travels a lot so we don’t get together much. And when we do it’s pretty much ”

I didn’t really 

“Good,” I said. “I fucked this incredible girl last night.”

He leered, “Oh yeah? Who, yaar?”

Just then I heard a car honk.

“Ah”, Ramesh said, “Nita’s here.”

I heard the front door open and a woman walked in with a bag. I heard her say hi honey, I’m home, I missed you so much, give me a kiss…The rest faded out in my shock.

She was the girl I had fucked last night. She was Nita. She was still wearing her jeans and the snug white T-shirt.