 "What would you like, Sir," the bartender dressed in a Via Rail uniform inquired to Alexander? "Two glasses of red for me and m'lady," he responded with a chivalrous tone. Alex was the chief business officer for a large health and life insurance firm and was headed to a Canadian Insurance Broker's Association quarterly meeting in Toronto. Although a requirement of his job Alex typically dreaded these meetings. Like most association boards it took for ever to make any decisions and the sleepy tone left him often nodding off. Alex was great at his job advancing positions quickly when he was younger but lately he yearned for more in his life. 

"Here you are Gracie," Alex offered as he passed the glass of cheap red wine to his colleague. Their fingertips made contact as the drink was exchanged and Alex sensed a moment of electricity. 

Grace worked for a competing insurance firm and was also a board member. She was a 'newbie' as the veterans nicknamed her. Like Alex, Grace was very good at what she did. Though she was new to the board she was definitely not new to the industry. 

Alex and Grace were not strangers to each other and had crossed paths several times in the past at industry functions. Nonetheless, it was only recently that they started to develop a friendship. This was their third trip to Toronto and each successive trip their travel conversations had become more and more open. Both Alex and Grace were starting to joke with each other and felt comfortable enough to let loose to and from Toronto with a few drinks.

Alexander grew up as a curious yet cautious child. His parents divorced when he was an infant and he grew up without much of a father figure. His mother raised Alex as a single parent through to his high school years often over showering him with love. As her only child she was naturally protective of him. Alex was the type who wanted to explore the world but the little voice in his head constantly reminded him of his mother's words of safety. After school he would often venture on his bike and every day stretching the distance a little further than the day before until he worried he wouldn't make it home before dark. 

From a young age Alex had a curious interest in sexuality. He looked forward to friends stealing their parent's porno mags and at an early age experimented with masturbation. A friend a year older than him gave him some pointers and he was giving himself orgasms before sperm was even being manufactured in his testes. Only clear seminal fluid was a by-product of his nightly research. 

Alex constantly struggled between balancing 'reason' and 'curiosity' throughout his life. However, when it came to sexuality his shy nature usually over powered his curiosities. Alex was sent to a private all boys school in 8th grade and his relationships with the opposite sex were seriously diminished. It wasn't until university when Alex had his first exposure to sex with a female. He was still a virgin at the age of 19. 

University was good to Alex. He was much more outgoing and had overcome most of his shyness. Although still nervous with girls, he was confident enough to have conversations and go out on a few dates. In his first year he had many firsts: first breasts he felt, first blow-job, first cunnilingus, and over the first summer he lost his virginity to a nice girl. He cared for her but didn't love her which became an issue within a month or so. In his second year he actually fell in love with a girl named Jen. He was far from looking for a wedding ring but there was a connection he hadn't felt since his puppy love crushes in grade school. Jen was still a virgin the first week they dated and had hopes to wait until marriage. Needless to say the second week she was no longer a virgin. Contrary to what you may think Alex was a gentleman. He respected her wishes but her wishes faded very quickly after a few days of foreplay. 

The two experimented with their sexuality during that first year like little mischievous children. Mutual masturbation, toys, and even the odd public sex was part of their repertoire. It was all reciprocated fun until she went home that summer. Her mother was a New Born Christian and the guilt set in. No more sex until marriage! Huhhh...Alex thought???!!! I love her but this will be torture he thought. "Finally I met someone with the same desires as myself only to be cock blocked by her mother's guilt."

Luckily she was not quite the Christian her mother wanted her to be and over the next couple years they continued having sex but the frequency was less than half of what it used to be. Like most 21 year olds life was too short to settle down and a mutual break up was inevitable. 

Over the next few years Alex 'played the field' so to speak accumulating a few notches on his belt. Through all his escapades, half a dozen in all, not one of the girls created the spark he got when there was a true connection with someone. Alex eventually married a girl of reason. A girl whose parents stayed together through thick and thin unlike his own. A smart hard working girl. A proper girl you could take home to mom and have instant approval. A girl that would raise your children to the same high standards and constantly feared for their well being. He married a girl not unlike his mother. Her name was Maria. 

Not unlike many married couples their sex life had peaked on the honeymoon. On the first day they both noticed the topless girls around the pool but Maria was too shy to bare hers. However, within a few hours she drummed up enough courage to untie her bikini and her B cup breasts glistened in the sun from the sun tan lotion. The following day while fooling around in the pool and unbeknown to other deck worshippers Alex worked his fingers under her bikini bottoms. She was slippery between the pool water and her own wetness. Maria reached around and squeezed Alex's swollen member through his shorts. They were behind the waterfall so they were slightly covered and the disturbance of the water made it impossible to make out what was occurring below the surface. Alex pulled the crotch of her panties aside for more uninhibited playing. Maria followed suit and slipped the waist band lower on Alex's swim suit so the tip of his penis poked out. She rubbed the head of his penis with her thumb and fore finger. After a few minutes Alex positioned Maria so that her vagina hovered over his penis. Alex slipped his penis in her slippery canal and immediately they both looked around to ensure their taboo act was concealed. It was awkward trying not to be noticed in the standing position they were in. Alex could only penetrate half of his 7" penis inside her. Within a few minutes Maria said, " let's get out of here," with a wink of her eye. 

The first year of marriage they made love 3-4 times a week. After their first child was born they did it twice a week. After the second it was once a week and after the third they were lucky to have sex twice a cycle. Alex was masturbating at a 4:1 ratio these days. Toys had been introduced into their love making but for the most part sex was routine with little excitement. Alex tried to introduce variety into their sex live's but was always shut down. Instead he lived vicariously through his imagination and the fantasies he dreamed about before bed. 

Grace and Alex sat at a table with their wines and made small talk. "I'd have to say these meetings can be boring but I do enjoy getting away from the buzz at home once in a while," Grace said to Alex. "I'd have to agree. Having a dinner without crayons or high chairs is nice. And sleeping in a hotel bed all to myself feels like freedom," Alex replied. "I know eh. It's almost erotic to be free from the normal," Grace responded. Alex was thrown off by Grace's candidness. He felt the same way. Often on these trips he was hornier than usual and most nights broke out into a good masturbatory session while watching internet porn. He couldn't help but wonder if she had similar routines. "Shit. You too! I rarely sleep naked at home but have the urge every time I'm in a hotel," Alex offered his own candidness to test and see how liberal Grace really was. "Well I don't usually wear much to bed when at home other than a long t-shirt... I don't know if it's the sheets or the fact that a stranger is next door to me but I feel more sexier than usual in a hotel," she again responded with little signs bashfulness. 

There was a silent pause for a moment as Alex registered the thought in his mind of Grace wearing only a t-shirt and no panties to bed. 

Grace wasn't one to pursue special attention through her looks but she had a certain beauty about her that caught Alex's eye. Her smile was full and welcoming. Her hair would flow like the ocean as she fidgeted. She exhibited confidence in her walk with a sense of leadership. She would often touch the person she was conversing with to establish a connection with them. Grace's curves were womanly - full yet fit. Her breasts were a D cup but could be mistaken for a C when wearing multiple layers of clothing. Her eyes told stories that were bewildering. They often displayed signs of mystery, friendship, compassion, deviousness, excitement and sensuality. 

"I'm getting excited already," Grace alluded some more. "Well lets make the best of it. To hotels and freedom," Alex raised his glass for a toast. "To nude and sexier sleeps," Grace replied with a chuckle and clink of her glass. Alex couldn't hold in his laughter and had to take a moment before he could sip his wine. Grace took a large gulp and was almost finished her first glass. "Hurry up Bud, I'm almost ready for another," Grace encouraged. Alex didn't need much coaxing and finished his glass on command. "Another wine or something else," he asked Grace. "Wine's good," she responded. 

Alex was a gentleman and carried Grace's bags into the hotel lobby for her. He also offered her first in line to check-in. 

"Name please" the concierge asked. "Grace Tara Moore." The lady behind the front desk punched the keys on her computer looking up the reservation. "I have one night stay in a non-smoking room," she asked for confirmation. "Yes please. Could you also place me near my colleague too," Grace requested while pointing to Alex over her shoulder. "We're not overly booked tonight so I don't see that being a problem," she responded. Grace twisted quickly with a smile of approval from Alex. Alex was already grinning from ear to ear at her request. 

"We can do some after party drinking tonight if the rest of the group lames out," she justified her actions.

Alex noticed Grace was already showing a few signs she was mildly tipsy already. "Sure thing. I'm game," he responded. 

"Room 1212 Miss Moore," the clerk said while offering Grace her room card. "And your name sir," the lady requested before Grace had moved aside. "Alexander Kevin Steele." After a few moments the clerk passed a room card with the number 1210 written on the envelope. 

Alex and Grace dragged their luggage behind them to the elevator. "What room number did you get," Grace asked?

"I think right next door, 1210. That is if they are numbered like a street with even on one side and odd on the other."

"Yay, you can be my 'stranger' next door," Grace cheerfully responded. It took Alex a moment to remember their earlier conversation about feeling 'sexier' in a hotel because strangers were only a wall away. Once Alex realized the hidden meaning of "stranger next door" he blushed. 

Not only were their rooms next door to each other but they were adjoining with a double door between them. Almost immediately after Alex set his bags down there was a knock on the passage door. "Hi stranger. I thought I would introduce myself seeing we will be sleeping next to each other. My name is Grace. What is yours?" Grace jokingly asked while presenting her hand for a shake. "M'Lady. My name is Alexander," Alex said in his medieval accent again and instead of shaking Grace's hand went on one knee and gave it a peck on the backside. Both broke out in laughter. 

After a short rest, washroom break and change of clothes Grace knocked on Alex's door again. Without waiting for Alex to open the door she gave it a push. The door clasp had not clicked earlier and it swung open. Alex had half the buttons done up on his shirt when the door opened. Grace could see part of his chest when Alex came into view beyond the door. "Oops, I didn't realize the door wasn't locked," she said as she took a whiff of the body wash smell escaping along side steam from the bathroom. "No problem. I'm not shy." Grace was speechless at Alex's comment and was flattered at the same time.

Grace was never shy. She often kicked herself for revealing too much at times. She didn't care what people thought of her but at the same time didn't want to over step her boundaries making others feel uncomfortable around her. She had mentally kicked herself earlier for revealing so much about herself to Alex. But Alex was cool she thought. He didn't seem to judge her. In fact, in response he revealed some of his own secrets to her. She felt closer and more trusting in him now. Alex never criticized her quirkiness. 

"Ready to go get some grub," Grace asked? "Yes Ma'am," Alex responded as he finished buttoning his shirt. 

They joined the rest of the board in the lobby and made a short walk to the restaurant. Grace sat next to Alex during dinner. Throughout the meal the group chatted and avoided the topics of tomorrow's board meeting. Veteran members reminisced and new members shared their life stories, how many children, where they're from, etc. Some laughs were shared and Grace would often rock in her seat bumping shoulders with Alex or reaching out to grab his arm to relate. Every time she did this an electric shock fired through Alex. 

Psychologists have identified a few different "Love Languages" so to speak. These languages are ways people express and absorb their feelings with each other. Some respond to touch. Others respond to words of kindness, others it's spending time together and some it's gifts. The individuals don't necessary need to love each other to feel it but matching which language to express would often lead to a greater connection with the individual. Alex's love language was definitely touch. He didn't care for gifts and was independent so enjoyed his moments alone but he loved hugs from his kids, when his wife sat close to him on the couch and even a massage by a stranger made his heart feel good. Grace was definitely feeding to Alex's natural "love language."

Because the restaurant was close to the hotel members of the board left one by one. Before they knew it Alex and Grace were the last two left in the restaurant. "Looks like everyone are party poopers," Grace announced sounding a little tipsy. She had been drinking wine steady all dinner. Alex was feeling it a bit too but the steak he had for dinner was preventing the buzz from really setting in. "Well should we head back to the after party at the hotel bar," Grace offered? "Sure, let's get out of this joint," Alex replied. 

On the walk back to the hotel Grace hooked her arm in Alex's to steady herself. She wasn't stumbling drunk but in high heel boots the alcohol was playing its toll on her balance. Alex embraced her arm and held it tight from slipping away should she fall. 

When they entered the hotel Grace was instantly disappointed. "Ahh shucks! It's closed already." Since it was a Thursday night the bar closed at 11pm rather than its 1am closing on the weekends. "I think there's a bottle of wine in our rooms why don't we open that one," Alex remembered. "Your a genius. I knew I liked you more than for your good looks," Grace teased with a hug of Alex's arm. 

They never unhooked their arms until they were standing outside their rooms. "See you in a few. I'm gonna get changed into something more comfortable than these boots and jeans," Grace said. 

Grace ruffled through her suit case to figure out what to wear. She thought to herself I really didn't pack for a hotel room after party. All she had was workwear, her nightshirt and a bathing suit if she had time to hit the pool. She liked Alex more and more by the minute. She was actually feeling guilty how much she liked him. Her husband was not giving her much attention these days. He was working later and later and out most of the weekend too. She wondered how faithful he was. It was nice to have someone like Alex give her this much notice. She felt sexy and important around him. He complimented her wisdom regularly and she caught him often staring at her with magnificence in his eyes. She enjoyed this attention and wanted more. 

Grace decided to wear her mid thigh length black colored night shirt and a sun skirt she would often use to cover the bottoms to her bathing suit while walking to the pool. She debated on what undergarments to wear. She opted for no bra but since the sun skirt was slightly transparent she left her purple lace topped panties on. She knew the outfit was a little revealing but the wine from tonight gave her liquid courage. She wanted more stares from Alex. 

Grace took a deep breath and opened her door to the 6" passage way between rooms. Alex's door was already open and he was searching a cabinet for a bottle opener. Alex was wearing a pair of Lulu Lemon jogging pants and a white t-shirt that said American Eagle on the front. 

Grace jumped on Alex's bed and positioned the pillows behind her so she could sit upright comfortably. Her legs stretched out in front of her and crossed at her ankles. She straightened out her skirt and night shirt so they weren't hiked up higher than they already were. Her legs were on display from her lower thigh down. 

Grace noticed Alex's eyes straying back and forth from her to the wine bottle he was opening. He fumbled with the cork screw because of the distraction. Grace grabbed the tv remote and flipped through the channels as he was pouring the wine. 

Alex slipped next to Grace being careful not to spill any wine. "Thank-you," Grace said as she accepted the glass. She had stopped on Much music before she dropped the remote to get her wine. The Countdown was on and Robin Thicke was dancing with some scantily clad woman. 

The two sipped their wine in an uncomfortable silence. Neither knew what to say. Alex was still stunned by what Grace was wearing and Grace was feeling a little shy with her attire too. 

"Have you seen the x-rated version of this video?, Alex questioned breaking the silence. "No I haven't. Is it good?" Grace replied eager to get a conversation started. 

"We'll see this video...it's the same but all the girls are naked." 

"Wow, I wanna see it. How did you see it?"

"It's all over the internet. I can grab my iPad if you want to see it now?"

"Ya for sure. Go get it."

Silence struck the room again as the video loaded on Alex's iPad. "That's hot," Grace commented as the naked figured danced across the iPad which was laying on her lap. When the video stopped the screen went back to the main web page. It was a porn search engine. "What do we have here?" Grace teased moving the screen around to view the dozens of pictures linking to various sex scene videos. "Hey, I said it was all over the internet. I didn't say where," Alex responded in a coy way. 

Grace clicked on a picture with a close up of a girl with her mouth open and eyes shut in a display of ecstasy. The screen went black with an icon in the centre swirling as the video loaded. The scene opened with a couple kissing and almost immediately the male started to fondle her breasts. Within a few short minutes their clothes were off and the male was licking the female's nipples. His erection was waving in the air as he moved back and forth from the left and right one. The female porn star reached to grab his penis and he stood up to give her better access. The camera zoomed in as she engulfed his dick in her mouth. As her lips slid back up to the head she left the shaft glistening with saliva. She descended again before the tip slipped from her mouth and this time she sunk deeper than the last nearly causing her to gag as it tickled her epiglottis. 
