 I

“This must be KC then,” she said walking towards me with outstretched arms. She betrayed no recognition at all. She came over and hugged me whispered, “close your mouth.”

“How was your trip honey,” Ramesh said as he hauled her heavy bag and headed towards the steps.

“Trip was okay but I feel like I didn’t get any sleep at all. Feel like I was up having sex all night,” she murmured doing a throaty impression of a seductress. I winced. Ramesh called out, “Don’t be offended yaar she always talks like this.”

I started to say something when I thought he was out of earshot but Nita warned me off, with a dark look, which once it had done its job turned into pure innocence. Just as well because Ramesh was already heading back down.

“We have your party to go to tonight, don’t we?” Ramesh exclaimed as if had just remembered it. I noticed that Ramesh’s mannerisms were affected and exaggerated to please Nita.

“You don’t mind do you darling. And KC, you must come too,” she said, with suggestive emphasis on ‘come.’

“You’ll come, na?” she continued. “These parties are usually hajaar fun! You’ll meet my boss, a senior partner in the firm, and an incorrigible womanizer.”

“He made a pass at you didn’t he darling,” Ramesh offered.

“Yes, but I took care of that right away. He’s just an old leach. His wife is beautiful. And I’m sure there’ll be other people.”

We chatted a bit and had some snacky food. If Nita had made the hondwo and samosas, she was a fabulous cook. Then she went upstairs and after a while I heard her calling. “Can one of you guys please help me pick out a dress for tonight?”

“No”, she said to Ramesh when he said he would be right up, “you jump in the shower. KC will help me.”

Was Ramesh missing all of this?

She had a robe on and a towel on her head. When I heard the shower come on I started to say something-

“Shut up. You’d be a horrific actor. Don’t bother with a career in Bollywood. You have a perpetual look of surprise.”

“It’s not surprise it’s shock!”, I exclaimed, leaving the fucking bitch unsaid.

“You want to see shock? Come here and lick my pussy and make me come before Ramesh finishes showering.”

“Okay,” I said, not needing much time to consider after she had flung off her robe and lay down on it on the floor, with her legs spread wide in V.

I felt guilty that I was enjoying hoodwinking Ramesh. What kind of a person am I? The guilt was easily pushed aside by naughty pleasure. I’ll think about this later. Her pussy was so sweet. I mean, really, actually tasted sweet. And there was the odor, faint, at once musky and intoxicating, and powerful. I started lapping like there was no tomorrow. I didn’t have the time to do her right but I wanted to make her come. I licked her clit with soft pressure and shoved my tongue in her pussy every once in a while. Sometimes a quick swab of her asshole. With this sort of rapid movement, the tongue can get tired. I use a trick when this happens. I draw out the alphabet with my tongue on her clit. You draw the letter ‘a’ and then ‘b’ and so forth. And if you really want to drive them crazy, use the devnagri script.

When I got the letter ‘N’ she screamed and slid away from me. She was shaking as her orgasm overpowered her. And out of breath.

“Are you all right?” Ramesh shouted from the bathroom. The shower had stopped and he must have been toweling off.

Nita said, “I’m fine. I thought I saw a mouse. I was mistaken,” and then softly so only I could hear, “and having a wonderful fucking orgasm right under your fucking nose.”

II

I wanted to drive my own car to the party because I was pretty sure I would want to escape as soon as possible. Ramesh suggested that Nita drive with me, since I didn’t know the way, and he’ll follow in his car. I wonder if he knew that Nita would want to come with me anyway so he might as well get it over with or at least get some points by suggesting it.

The sight beside my seat was gorgeous. I had to concentrate to keep my eyes on the road. She was wearing a westernized lehanga-choli. It was flat black. The lehanga part was full and with lot of pleats and material. The choli part, in contrast, was tiny, covering just from top of the of the breasts, hugging the breasts snugly and tucking under to the bottom. It was translucent and strapless. Whether she was standing or sitting your eyes would be directed right to her tits. The gauzy black dupatta gave a false look of modesty. She smelled of jasmine. She was sitting carelessly, very relaxed and confident. She was wearing the tiniest tilak, which looked like a sexy mole on her otherwise clear face.

I enquired, “Why?”

“Why what?” she said coyly, “I feel a moral lecture coming on.”

“No, no, no, no, stop talking,” she interrupted as I was going to ask her why she is cheating on Ramesh, and she continued, “No talking now baby, Mummy is going to have her mouth full soon,” in childlike talk.

With that she deftly reached for and zipped down the zipper in my pants. How did she do that so quickly, it takes me fucking minutes to find the zipper tag when I’m in front of the urinal aching to take a piss.

She dived down and I felt a warm, wet, naughty tongue on my cock head. In a few seconds I was hard and in a few more seconds I wanted to just shut my eyes and enjoy her amazing tongue caress. Of course I couldn’t because, I was, just barely, driving. I had a sudden, awful thought.

“Nita,” I shouted, “Ramesh is right behind us. He must have seen you bend down.”

She answered but she didn’t take my cock out her mouth so she sounded garbled. She said something like don’t worry.

Man, this woman had a gift. I was starting to feel a surge at the base of my cock. At first I wanted to hold back to enjoy a luxurious blowjob. But I also wanted to come quickly so she could get back up before Ramesh noticed.

I felt a knot in my belly and I started coming. I involuntarily thrust my pelvis forward, trapping her head between my crotch and steering wheel. That gave me something to push against and I couldn’t believe the number of times I spurted. I don’t remember exactly how many, but more than ever before.

I gasped. I felt the same sort of feeling that you get when you’ve just experienced an emergency situation. Charged up, tensed, powerful, with heart racing audibly.

I concentrated on breathing shallow and slow so I could get control of my body again.