 I love when a romantic relationship is new. After being married for seven years I had forgotten what it felt like. I think about the person all the time, there is a constant buzzing deep in my stomach, almost like when I'm nervous or scared - though far more pleasant. It's an anxiousness to know the unknown. How far will the relationship go? Does he feel the same? Is this person the one... the one I'll spend the rest of my life with? I imagine no matter how old a person becomes, that feeling never changes. 

And the sex is outstanding. After sleeping with the same man and only that man for seven years, having sex with Johnny was like learning how to ride a 10-speed bike when all I'd ever experienced were banana seaters. I was familiar with the concept, but the bike handled completely different. Richard, my ex-husband, rarely ventured beyond the realm of vanilla sex and the standard missionary position. 

With Johnny it was a little different. 

"Spank me," I told him in a throaty voice, naked atop my bed on hands and knees. Johnny was kneeling behind me, fucking me with a slow and steady rhythm. I can't tell you why I liked to be spanked so much, I just did. Maybe it was because I always thought of myself as a good Catholic girl and pre-marital sex was so naughty. Naughty girls need a good spanking. 

His hand fell on my ass with just the right amount of force, enough to fill my bedroom with a sharp sound but not so hard as to cause me any real pain. He did it again and I gasped at the feeling, the way it sent shivers through my entire 115lb frame. The combination of that and his agonizingly slow humping was driving me crazy. My pussy felt so wet that I imagined it was dripping all over the bedspread between my knees. 

"You like that, baby?" 

I loved it when he called me 'baby' and a wanton look over my shoulder told him so. 

"You're so fucking wet," he said, "It feels incredible." 

"You're going so slow," I commented on his pace, "No one's ever fucked me like this before... it's like I'm right on the edge of an orgasm but never get there... oh fuck..." 

"Do you want me to go faster?" he teased, soothing his palm against my butt where he slapped it. 

With a nod I whimpered, "Oh god yes, make me cum... please make me cum." 

I could feel his cocky smile behind me as Johnny didn't increase his pace even remotely. He was in control and knew it. I was putty in his hands, a horny slut begging for more. I couldn't help it; his cock felt so good. Every agonizingly slow stroke made my pussy tingle and my clit burn; it just wasn't quite enough friction to put me over the edge. 

Johnny spanked me again and I yelped with pleasure, biting my lower lip at the unexpected slap. 

"I could do this all day," he murmured in obvious ecstasy, "Damn, Taylor... I want to be inside you forever." 

It was a sweet notion if a little unpractical. Hoping to force him to speed up I asked, "Aren't you going to be late for class?" My words were needy and gasping. 

It was a Wednesday, the first day of the new fall semester at the University of Arizona. Johnny came to my house at about 8:30am before school, his first day as a college freshman. I made him breakfast, scrambled eggs, and then somehow we ended up in the doggy-style position on my bed. I had known my new neighbor for exactly five days. We'd had sex each of those days except one. He was nineteen. I was twenty-nine and two weeks from my thirtieth birthday. 

"My first class isn't until eleven," he explained, pushing his seven inch erection into me as far as it would go and making me moan, "I still have an hour or so." 

"Oh god, Johnny... you better make me cum before that." 

Normally I was quick to orgasm. As long as there was steady stimulation to my clitoris I could cum in the first minute of sex, and often did, but Johnny was giving me an entirely new form of pleasure with his slow, sliding insertions. I could feel the edge of my orgasm, the very tip of it, just out of reach. The sensation was like a simmering fire waiting to explode if it had just a little more fuel. 

Leaning forward and reaching beneath me, Johnny grabbed my 36C twins and squeezed them, playing with my hanging flesh and causing my nipples to stiffen against the center of his palms. We kissed over my shoulder, my dyed blonde hair getting in the way a little, and I tasted his tongue. He found the sweet spot on my neck, near the shoulder, and kissed there too. That made my breath quicken and I tossed my head to get my hair out of his way. 

"Do my tits feel good?" I asked, deciding I would have to take matters into my own hands. I figured a little dirty talk would speed him up. Not that I minded the slow pace, I loved it, but I wanted to cum so badly. 

He moaned against my neck and mauled my breasts in his hands as a response to my words. 

"Come over after school and I'll let you fuck them," I teased, "You can stick your cock right between them and fuck the shit out of my tits." 

He grunted and pumped into me a little harder. 

"I'll let you cum all over them," I continued, "And if you're a good boy I'll lift them to my own mouth and lick all of your spunk off them." 

"Ohhh god," he increased the pace of his humping. 

"Would that turn you on, lover? Do you want to watch me lap your cum off my tits like a naughty slut?" 

Johnny seemed to like that idea. "Oh god, Taylor..." he moaned and started fucking me rather sharply, his thrusts quick and easy inside my slick passage. 

"Oh yeah... fuck me," I murmured at my success, "Fuck me good..." 

I closed my eyes as he played with my body. Johnny was sucking on my neck, groping my breasts tightly, and drilling his length into my backside with carnal need. It felt good to be needed so badly, to have a hot young guy using my body as his sexual playground. It was intoxicating and my head began to swim as the simmering orgasm deep in my loins finally boiled over. 

No longer able to support me, my arms went limp and the top half of my torso fell to the bed, the side of my face flat against the bedspread. Johnny kept fucking me, sliding his hands around my hips and clutching my ass cheeks like they were handles on an amusement ride. 

"I'm going to cum," he blurted out. I'm not sure if he was asking for permission or not, "I'm gonna cum inside you..." 

I didn't care. I was lost in my orgasm, panting and gasping at the pleasure his cock was giving me. Even if he made me pregnant, I didn't care. I wanted him to cum in me, I wanted to give him that pleasure. I wanted him to claim me, to deposit his seed and make me his woman. It was stupid and reckless, but in the throes of passion rational thoughts take a backseat to more carnal needs. 

With a needy grunt Johnny thrust his length into my sex and held it there, leaving his cock buried in my depths. I felt his hips buck against my ass as his orgasm pumped through my insides, his clutching hands pulling the flesh of my ass back against his body. I just knelt on the bed limply and took it, letting him deposit all that pleasure into my womb. 

"Oh fuck," he gasped when it was all over, his breath hot with desire. 

My eyes opened and I looked back at him with what must have been a satisfied expression, because he grinned at me and told me how beautiful I was. 

"You're so beautiful, you know that?" 

I smiled demurely, my face still flat against the bed. "That felt really good," I told him, "I'm glad we got to fuck. Probably cured all your first day jitters, huh?" 

He made a little laugh that was absolutely adorable, his dimples poking through. When he unsheathed his softening length from my sex the noise was audible, my slick juices clinging to his cock. I rolled over to my back and stretched a slender leg over his shoulder. He kissed the inside of my knee and stroked my thigh. 

"You know," his hand slid to my neatly trimmed patch of dark pubic hair, touching the beads of my dewy moisture that had collected on the short hairs, "When I got out of the army, I was really looking forward to being around girls again, you know? I couldn't wait to start college and dating again. I haven't been with a girl since high school." 

A twinge of jealousy swirled in my stomach at the thought of him with anyone else. 

"I never saw you coming though," he said. 

I tried not to sound clingy, "Is that what you want? A college girlfriend?" 

"No," he grinned again, "I want to come over after class today and slide my cock between your tits." 

My palms found their way to the sides of my face as I blushed, "Oh my god." Dirty talk always sounded ridiculous outside the context of sex. 

"What I'm trying to say, Taylor, is that I really like you." He kissed my leg again, "I don't want to be with anyone else." 

My heart leapt. 

"So what you're saying," my voice teased him a little, "Is that you want to be my boyfriend?" 

He laughed, "You make it sound so juvenile." 

"It's not," I shook my head and was suddenly serious, "I really like you too, Johnny. If you want to come over after your classes finish we can talk about it more." I licked my lips and smiled, "And probably have more sex." 

He amusedly let go of my body and crawled off the bed to seek his clothes, "I'd like that." 

"But Johnny..." I rolled to my side and watched his slender, toned nakedness. 

He glanced at me and picked up his jeans, "Yeah?" 

"Don't forget to be a kid and have some fun. Make new friends. College is supposed to be the best time of your life. Don't ignore that because of me, don't be that guy." 

He took a deep breath and sat on the edge of my bed to pull the denim over his legs, "I forget what that's like, being a kid. War kind of takes that from you." 

I tried to empathize and rubbed his back with a soothing palm, "I bet." 

He got dressed and I slipped a robe on, pushing a hand through my sex-tangled hair. As he was leaving I walked with him to the door. He picked up a backpack full of what I assumed were books and slung it over a broad, athletically muscled shoulder. 

"Thanks for breakfast," he said, "It was awesome." 

I kissed him, briefly, and wanted more of his lips. "You're welcome," I replied, "Have a great day at school. I'll see you later." 

He kissed me back, quick and passionate, and then he was gone. 

I closed the door and leaned back against it, letting out a massive sigh, wondering if he had any idea how hard I was falling for him. 

======= 

One of the best parts about running my own business from home was the free time it afforded me. There was always server maintenance, customer service issues, setting up new clients, and website design, but for the most part my business ran itself as long as my servers were up and running. After Johnny left that day I took advantage. 

The local medical clinic was able to fit me in on short notice for an early afternoon appointment and my doctor agreed to give me a prescription for birth control pills. I felt guilty the whole time I was at the clinic, as though I were a sinner destined to burn in hell, but at the same time I knew it was the responsible thing to do. Johnny had demonstrated a complete disregard for such matters and I could hardly blame him. He was a horny nineteen year-old fresh out of the military; after a year and a half surrounded by men he wanted to get laid - I understood that and didn't expect him to be the responsible one when it came to our sex life. I certainly didn't want to use condoms as I felt they lessened the romance as well as male sensations. If Johnny and I were going to keep humping like rabbits, and all indications were pointing that way, the pills were a necessary evil. God would just have to be understanding. 

But just in case, I decided to cover my bases. 

After picking up my prescription from the pharmacy, I went to God's house. Only a few blocks from home, the local Catholic Church offered reconciliation on Saturday and Wednesday afternoons. Thankfully no one else was there and I was able to immediately enter the confessional. Kneeling appropriately in the dimly-lit booth I performed the sign of the cross and murmured, "Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. It has been a month since my last confession." 

"Go on, my child," the priest spoke through a screen. 

I took a deep breath, "Well, I probably haven't treated my mother and my sister with the respect they deserve. They really get on my nerves sometimes and I tend to be short and sarcastic with them. I've also had pre-marital sex... it was only with one person, but we did it several times." 

"Are you sorry for your sins?" he asked. 

"I don't know. I am sorry for the way I am with my family, and I guess I feel guilty about the sex sometimes. Especially since he's quite a bit younger than me. I mean, he's not underage or anything, but we're ten years apart. I really like him, I want to keep seeing him, and if I'm being honest I plan on having sex with him again. Is there any way to get forgiveness for future sins? Like a credit plan or anything?" 

The priest cleared his throat, "That's not how forgiveness works." 

I nodded, "That's what I figured. Anyway... I've also taken the Lord's name in vain. Those are my sins, and for all of them I am truly sorry." 

"I think you should evaluate your relationship with this young man and ask yourself why you want to be with him. Physical enjoyment is fleeting but bonds of true love should be everlasting. You should examine his role in your future and yours in his. Are the two of you together for the love you bring into each other's lives? Or is your relationship dependent on the physical? God wants you to be happy and fruitful with love, but he also wants you to be faithful and true in his eyes. Consider my words and go forth with peace, my child." 

"Thank you, Father," I rose after performing the sign of the cross once more. 

The advice stuck with me as the priest's words made a lot of sense. I barely knew Johnny, and though I enjoyed the time we had spent together I wondered how compatible we were. Yeah, the sex was great, but a lasting relationship between two people needed more than sex in order to work long-term. 

I wondered if a nineteen year-old college freshman was even interested in considering the long-term. He seemed to be; he asked me to be his girlfriend, after all. 

Those were the thoughts swirling through my over-analytical brain until Johnny came over early that evening. I was sitting in the spare bedroom of my rented house, which I had converted into an office/computer lab, wearing a pair of skimpy jean shorts, a white tank top, and an old flannel shirt which I had left unbuttoned with the sleeves rolled up. My hair was clasped into a lazy ponytail and I was wearing a pair of glasses which I only ever wore when sitting in front of a computer screen or reading. 

I heard a knock on the door and anticipated it was Johnny so I called out that the door was open. I heard him step into the house. 

"Taylor?" he spoke, wondering where I was. 

"In here," I called while typing a line of code. 

His steps echoed on the hardwood floors of the house until he appeared in the doorway. He leaned against the doorjamb, still wearing the same jeans and tee-shirt he had on earlier that morning. "Look at you," he smiled, "I didn't know you wore glasses. It's really cute." 

"Just when I read," I smiled, "How was your first day of school?" 

He lifted an indifferent shoulder, "I already have homework. What about you, how was your day?" 

I finished typing and turned to give him my full attention, "Interesting." 

"Tell me about it?" 

Standing, the tails of my shirt fell past my skimpy jeans and I felt them tickle the back of my thighs. My body moved towards him like he was a force of gravity and our hands met; I hooked one of my fingers around one of his, "I went and got birth control pills." 

Johnny hadn't been expecting that and it showed in his expression, "You didn't have to do that, I could start -" 

I shook my head before he could finish, "I don't mind. I've been on them before; they don't really bother me hormonally like other women. Can I ask you something?" 

"Anything," he agreed. 

"Do you believe in God?" 

Johnny's eyes got taller, "Wow, I guess the small talk is over, huh?" 

I couldn't help a little laugh, "Sorry." 

"It's all right," he continued to lean in the doorway, his thumb caressing the finger I had hooked around his and giving it a little squeeze. 

"I don't care either way," I explained gently, "I mean, a belief in God isn't a pre-requisite for dating me or anything. I'm just curious." 

"Not really," he shook his head, "No, I don't believe in God." 

I tried to ask my next question without sounding like a Bible-thumping zealot, "So the whole pre-marital sex thing doesn't bother you at all?" 

A little smirk crossed Johnny's face, "Let me guess, you're Catholic?" 

"Guilty," I admitted to his accuracy. 

"Hey, if you want to stop having sex I can go back to masturbating with dirty magazines once a day and we can just hang out." 

I gave him an amused look, "Dirty magazines? Haven't those been replaced by the internet, yet?" 

He shrugged playfully, "Wi-Fi can be hard to come by in the Middle East." 

I rolled my eyes at his crude humor, "I just want to make sure this is going somewhere. I have... certain beliefs. I'm willing to break the rules, but only if it's worth it. I know we've only known each other since Saturday and if you only intended to have some casual, fun sex that's completely cool. I've enjoyed myself. I just need to know." 

He teased, "Are you getting clingy on me?" 

I had been shyly staring at the floor but I looked up into his adorable blue eyes, "Yeah, I guess I am." 

"I'm ready to commit. I told you this morning I wanted you to be my girlfriend." He leaned in close and I could feel his breath, "But you made me feel like a thirteen year-old, remember?" 

I blushed at him but held his eyes and lightly touched my body against his. The sexual tension between us was like a measurable substance and I could tell he wanted to have sex. I wanted it too, but I sensed he wouldn't initiate anything after the questions I had been asking. 

"I don't always feel like a good person," I admitted, my voice soft and vulnerable, "I've been with a woman, cheated on my husband, broken the vows of matrimony... and one time, when I was in college, I smoked pot but afterwards I felt really guilty about it and never did drugs again." 

He laughed again, a soft breathy sound. 

"What?" I nuzzled my nose against his cheek, unable to resist touching him, "I'm being serious. When I was growing up I was taught that these were sins against God. I see the judgement in my mother's eyes every time my divorce comes up." 

"You know..." he began, his fingertips starting to rub my back through the flannel shirt, "For the last year and a half I've been living in a gigantic sandbox getting shot at and dehydrated every other day. I've been in a completely different world. The first couple of weeks after I got home everything felt really weird. I had a hard time adjusting, I still am... I mean, I was...until this gorgeous blonde girl with amazing green eyes came into my back yard and offered me a glass of lemonade." 

I blushed again. 

"You made me feel at ease. When we had dinner and played video games and talked... it put everything into perspective. When I enlisted it was like I put my entire life on hold, you know? But the rest of the world kept going. I have to fit into that somehow, start my life over and hit the reset button. New town, new life, I wasn't sure where to begin. Then you appeared and I realized my American dream might be right in front of me. Go to school, date the hot girl-next-door, write a novel, pop out a couple of kids, and live happily ever after." 
