 Connie Cums Alive: A Sexual Awakening

It was a nice quiet spring evening at home and I was enjoying the view of the sunset as I sat on the glider on my front porch. It was so peaceful out here on the farm. I live in the Midwest and there wasn't really anything to do except watch television or just go to town and since I didn't drink, there really wasn't much to do there. My children were grown, one had moved out and the other one was always at his girlfriend's house so I was pretty much alone most evenings. My wife was usually home but this afternoon she had answered the phone and her boss had begged her to come into work. To tell you the truth, although I love my wife with all my heart and all my soul, I was really enjoying the time alone. You see, I got married at a very young age to a woman who was almost 10 years my senior and she came with a son so I never really had time to myself. 

I listened to soft ballad that was playing on the radio station. It was a love song, one that really got you in the pit of the stomach. I was lost in thought when I heard a car pull up in the driveway. It was a car that I recognized, a new white Chevy that belonged to a friend of mine Steve, and his wife Connie. They were in their early 40's and I had worked with Steve over the years and although he was a pretty decent guy, he was sort of arrogant and I didn't exactly like the way that he spoke to his wife, but that was just Steve, he talked like that to everybody. 

I stood up and walked across the porch and then down the steps toward the car. I waved and walked up to the window. The window was rolled part down and I could see that it was Connie and she was alone. I also noticed that her eyes were red, obviously from having cried. "Hi Connie, what's the matter?" I asked her.

"Hi, is your wife home?" she asked.

"No she's not, she got called into work," I replied.

"Oh, ok, I'm sorry, I just wanted to talk to her a little bit," she said in a voice that trembled slightly. I could tell that this woman was very upset.

"Is there anything I can help you with," I asked. Connie shook her head in the negative and proceeded to start the car. I reached my hand through the window and put my hand on hers. "Now listen Connie, I hate to see you upset. If there is anything I can do for you, let me know." Connie released the key and just sat there. Tears started running down her cheek once again. "I just needed someone to talk to is all. It is nothing, really," she said. I reached for the door and opened it. I took Connie by the hand and motioned for her to get out of the car. "Well, why don't you come up to the house and have a cup of coffee. I won't pry; I just don't want to see you leave in this state. A good cup of coffee will always make things better," I said as I smiled at her.

"Well, ok, maybe just a cup."

Connie swung her legs out of the car and put her feet on the ground. She was still in her nurse's uniform which was a little rumpled and I knew that she came straight from the hospital where she worked as an RN. I smiled at my friend and let her to the front porch. "Sit down Connie," I said. "I'll go get us a cup of coffee."

"Ok, thanks," she said. I walked through the door and got a couple of cups from the cabinet and poured us a cup of hot coffee. I picked the cups up and headed through the living room and out the front door. "Here you go, be careful it's hot."

Connie took a sip of the hot liquid. "This is great, thanks," she said. The steam was pouring off of her cup and she just sat there and stared at it, looking at her reflection in the dark liquid. I noticed the lines in her face, the lines of a mature woman who was very attractive. As the song played on the radio Connie looked up at me. "Steve used to sing that song to me years ago," she said, tears starting to well up in her eyes. I shifted uncomfortably at the sudden show of emotion. I, like most men my age, weren't used to dealing with emotion other than the usual stuff we have to deal with in our marriage. 

"Now Connie," I said, "I'm sure whatever it is it can't be that bad."

Connie did not speak, she just sat there sipping her coffee and listening to the song as it came over the radio. When the song was over, she looked up and said, "If I asked you a question, would you answer it truthfully?"

"Well as truthfully as I could," I told her.

"Well……….." she stopped for a second as if she were trying to choose her words carefully. "Do you think that I am attractive?"

I looked at Connie as she sat there on my swing. I looked at her thin frame, her pretty legs and her sweet freckled face. How could I not find this 40ish blonde bombshell attractive? "Of course you are attractive Connie, what brought that question up?"

"I don't know exactly how to tell you," she said softly.

"Well, don't talk about anything you don't feel comfortable talking about. I'm your friend and I'm here for you but I would never pry."

"Well, It's Steve. I don't think he loves me any more," she suddenly blurted out. I stood there shocked at her statement. "I'm beginning to think he only married me for the money that I got out of the settlement when my parents were killed in that accident. 

"Well what makes you say that Connie?" I sat there waiting what seemed like forever. 

"Promise that what you hear here will never go any where else?" I nodded my promise to her and she continued. "Well, you see, Steve hasn't………….well, he hasn't, how do I say this, hasn't made love to me for a very long time."

I tried to keep my mouth from hitting the concrete on the porch at this statement. I looked once again at this pretty woman as she sat there and told me her problem. I wondered what in the world would make her man not want her any more. "Is it a can't problem or a won't problem," I asked. Connie looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. "Has he seen a doctor. You know there are some good things out there that can make a man, uh how do I say it gently, make him able to perform."

"I've tried to get him to go to the doctor but he has too much pride. I just don't know what to do any more. I get so lonely not having that affection and attention that I desire so badly."

"Well, that happens some times Connie. It is hard for a man to discuss his sexual problems with a stranger." It was getting harder and harder for me to talk to this blonde beauty because my pants were starting to get tight from the sight of her sitting there in her nurse's uniform and talking about her sexual problems.

"I know it is hard but I wish he knew how bad I needed to be made love to. So now answer my question, do you think I'm attractive?"

"Hell yes," I blurted out, "I think you are a very sexy woman,"

"If you weren't married would you want to make love to me," she asked, her eyes moving up and down my body.

The radio was playing in the background "Let's Make Love All Night Long". I tried my best not to tell her that if I had half a chance, I'd fuck her right there on the spot. "Well, if I wasn't married, I'd definitely want to make love to you," I told her.

"Well, I promised that I'd never have intercourse with another man but I never promised I'd never be intimate with someone," she said. She spread her legs slightly and I could see up her white dress and I got a glimpse of her panties. I tried hard not to look but I am just a man and I could not help it. 

"Answer me one more question. Do you and your wife ever have oral sex?" I blushed slightly, not sure how this conversation turned around to my sex life. Connie could tell my answer by the look on my face and the obvious bulge in my pants. "Steve won't have oral sex. He won't let me suck his cock," she said suddenly. I was shocked at Connie's choice of words. "Do you like it when your wife sucks your dick?" Connie looked at me with those big blue eyes of hers and I almost lost my composure, trying my best not to let on how turned on I was getting. 

"Connie, I think this conversation is getting into some territory that neither one of us really want to get into." Connie suddenly looked embarrassed and put her cup down and started to head down the steps and leave. "Now wait Connie, I didn't mean to upset you, it's just that I have trouble when it comes to talking about what I like." Connie stopped as I touched her arm. She turned around and came close to me. "You know," she said, "for once in my life, I'd love to have a man put his cock in my mouth." She pressed up against me, wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on the neck. My cock stood to full attention as she breathed into my ear. Her hand slid down my chest and touched the front of my pants. "Hmmm," she whispered into my ear, "I think you'd like it very much if I put my mouth on your dick."

I pushed back against Connie and pressed my erection into her body. She moved her face from my neck and our lips touched. Connie pulled me tight as I kissed her and soon she had her tongue into my mouth and was moving it all around. After a few minutes of passionate kissing, I removed my mouth from hers and whispered into her ear, "I think maybe we should go into the house." Connie gave my dick a gentle squeeze and then released me. I opened the door and then put my arms under her and picked her up and carried her into the house. I felt her soft ass on my arm as I lifted her and the scent of this hot lady was permeating my nostrils. My mind was reeling from the passion in this married lady's kisses and her obvious need of a little attention. 

I sat her down on the chair and she stood up and reached for the zipper on her white uniform. She pulled it off her shoulders and her bra-clad breasts came into view. "Now Connie, remember, you promised Steve 'no intercourse with anyone else'," I reminded her.

Connie didn't reply, she just pushed her uniform down and then she was standing there in her white pantyhose and bra. She reached behind her and unclasped her bra and pulled it from her shoulders. Her breasts were pale white and lightly freckled. She was so beautiful standing there, inviting me to touch her nipples which were standing up and looked so suculent. She took my hand and put it across the milky white skin of her breast. I felt her breasts, not the breasts of a teenage girl, but the breasts of a beautiful middle aged woman who knew exactly what she wanted. Her eyes rolled back slightly as I massaged her chest. She pulled close and once again pressed up against me and kissed me deeply. Her hand moved down to my crotch and I felt her fumble for the buttons on my jeans. Her hand slipped inside my fly and she found her way into my underwear. I felt the cool touch of smooth hand wrap around my hot cock. She wrapped her finger around it and began stroking. "Oh god Connie," I stammered, sweat trickling down my forehead and my breathing growing more strained at her touch, "don't do that or I'll cum right here." Connie pulled her hand from my pants and moved up and finished opening the buttons of my 501's one at a time. She soon had unbuttoned me with her expert hands and moved me back toward the chair. Next her hands took the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head. Connie lightly raked her fingernails over my chest, taking time to touch the nipples as she ran her fingers through my hair. As she moved her fingernails down my chest I felt the muscles contract in my entire body as she moved her hands behind me and put her hands into my pants and ran them down my ass as slid them down. My cock was out in the open and I knew that friendship or no frienship with her husband, this lady would get whatever she wanted. I felt her press up against me and slid her magnificent breasts down my torso. I felt her hard nipples as they moved down my body and then she slid them across my cock. "Oh Connie, I think we had better stop," I said with little conviction in my voice. Connie slid her body back up mine and then kissed me again. She pushed me back into a sitting position in the chair and then she got on her knees and pulled my cowboy boots off of my feet and then pulled my pants and underwear off. 

"Your cock looks so good. I want to suck it so bad," she said. 

My cock was aching as Connie pushed my legs apart with her hands and then moved between them. She cupped her breasts and pulled my dick forward and sandwiched it between them. "Oh shit Connie, your tits are so beautiful and soft," I said. Sweat had formed in the recesses of her breasts and the smooth milky white skin moving up and down on my male member took me to a passion I had never known before. "Damn Connie, I love the feel of your fucking tits baby, yes Connie, Oh my god yes," I said. 

Connie smiled up at me and then said, "Wait till you feel my lips." She released my cock from her breasts and then she took it into her soft hands. She stroked it for a minute, looking at it and smiling. After a minute, she wiped the end of it with her hand and put her mouth up to it, gently kissing the head. I moaned in pleasure and she knew that she had my full attention. Connie stuck out her tongue and touched the head with it and then gently licked the length of it like an ice cream cone. "You like it when I do this," she asked as she licked her soft wet lips? All I could do was moan as she continued to lick my dick. She moved forward and I could feel her soft skin against the inside of my thighs. Connie placed her mouth onto the head of my cock and started gently sucking on it. "Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" I moaned as she softly sucked on it. 

"Oh shit Connie, you are such a good little cock sucker," I told her as I put my hand in her hair and started to run my fingers through it. When I touched the back of her head, I swear she must have had a switch there that put the girl into fast forward. She suddenly started to bob her head fast up and down on my prick. I heard her muffled moans as she sucked my cock with all her might. "Yes Connie, suck my cock. Suck my cock baby," I told her.

Connie cupped my balls into her hand and gently started to move her finger across the crack of my butt. I felt the cum building up in my balls and I knew that it would not be long now. "Oh fuck Connie, you better quit or I'm gonna cum," I moaned. Instead of stopping, she went into overdrive. She went to work on my cock like it was her last meal. She moved her hand up and down while she sucked with all her might. 

"I'm gonna cum Connie," I told her. With that she pulled her mouth off of my dick and started to stroke it. 

"Cum on my tits baby," she said. "Cum all over my fucking tits." She stroked my cock with one hand and massaged my balls with the other hand as she pulled her head back and aimed it at her beautiful tits. "Cum on me John, shoot your fucking cum all over my white tits baby, you know I want it so badly," she begged. I felt the first eruption come from someone deep down inside me and it hit the lower part of her neck and then I squirted onto her beautiful tits over and over. Connie continued pumping my cock for all it was worth while I finished shooting my load onto her. When I had no more spunk to shoot, she stroked my dick and smeared the creamy liquid between her fingers. She put her fingers up to her lips and stuck her tongue out and took a small lick. 

I sat there in amazement as this woman knelt before me with my seed all over her naked breasts. She smiled and put her head on my lap and said, "Thank you. I needed that so much." 

I thought to myself as she laid there with her head on my lap, "No, thank you Steve." I put my hand under her chin, lifted her head up and kissed her softly on the lips. 

Connie got up and didn't bother to clean herself up. She stepped into her uniform and zipped it up. Connie picked up her bra and tossed it to me. "Here's something to remember this evening," she said. "Oh, and by the way, tell your wife I stopped by." I watched her ass as she walked out the door and as I heard the final slam I knew that I would remember this evening for the rest of my life.