 The first sensation I felt was the closing of a hand around my cock. Waking slowly I rapidly came closer to consciousness as the hand began to stroke in a lackadaisical fashion, taking it's time as my shaft rose to it's prominent 10 inches. "Good morning sunshine," a velvety female voice whispered as a second hand took my large balls between its fingers and began to slowly caress them. Groaning softly I turned onto my back without opening my eyes allowing the administrations to continue as the hand's strokes lengthened to travel the entire length of my cock. "Guess whose birthday it is today," the voice teased into my ear as the finger's around my shaft flew up and down faster and faster. 

"Mine?" I murmured hopefully before realizing that today actually was my birthday. My mouth opened in a silent groan as a pair of lips kissed the soft head of my otherwise ironlike shaft. Fists still working my dick I heard a soft giggle before those satin lips kissed my tip again causing my hips to jolt.

"That's right birthday boy. You turned 19 today didn't you?" the voice asked mischievously as it gave my dick another smooch causing my ass to clench and my hips to buck.

"Yeah I did," I breathed, wanting nothing more than to break the barrier of those lips and slide my way into that hot mouth, "I did turn 19 today." But with difficulty I kept a rein in on my hips. Nothing would be worse now than to stop those hands from playing with my manhood.

"And what do you want for your birthday?" the girl stroking me asked before giving my dick another quick kiss. 

"Ah, that," I groaned as the soft lips formed around the tip almost in a slight sucking motion, drawing in on the very tip of my cock. 

"You want kisses?" the voice asked flirtatiously as it began giving my tip a series of slow smoldering kisses. Groaning I couldn't answer as the kisses trailed down my shaft to my balls where a slightly more open mouthed kiss landed on my package. Then a curious tingling shot through my lower body as I felt my right testicle sucked into a hot, moist opening.

Oh god she's sucking my balls, I realized as I lay back in heaven to her ministrations. Taking her time she released my right teste to take in the left, swirling her tongue around my scrotum as it entered her mouth. My balls tingled pleasantly as she gently feasted upon them, sucking, nibbling, and licking them like they were the most delicious fruit. "I-I want th-that," I shuddered as my dick throbbed beneath her still working hands. 

I gasped as the mouth around my testicle released it with a soft pop, "You want what?" 

"I want you to do that to my cock," I wheezed as she began collecting my balls with her tongue and letting them drop out of her mouth before collecting them again. There was a quiet lull as all I heard was the sound of her sucking and licking my nuts before everything stopped. The hands working my shaft froze and the licking of my balls stopped as I felt those wonderful lips pull up in a grin against me. 

"Connor, look at me," the voice commanded, drawing my gaze to the fork between my legs. Lying between the fork of my legs was my best friend Natalie. A heart shaped face with ivory skin and ebony hair looked up at me as her emerald eyes bored into mine. Licking her ruby lips she smiled at me in such a way that I felt my balls tighten beneath me. "Happy Birthday," she whispered to me before, with a naughty smile, she descended upon my shaft. 

"Oh God," I groaned as I felt my cock slide down into her molten hot throat. I'd never had my dick sucked before, but this was how I'd always imagined it. Slick, hot, and fast. Watching my friends face I looked into her eyes as the rest of my dick disappeared into her throat and she came to a rest at the hilt of my manmeat. She took all of it, I thought in amazement as we both stared silently at each other. Then with a hint of a smile Natalie pulled her head back all the way to the tip before releasing it with another audible pop. 

Licking around the head of my dick she grinned at me, "Sounds like I have a fan." Then dropping down again she gave my tip another swirl of her tongue before engulfing my member with her mouth. My mouth hanging open in a wordless moan I was only able to grunt my affirmation of her statement as she began to bob her head across my length. Watching her work me over I could only marvel at this surprising ability to take all of me down her throat without gagging. It was amazing watching her swallow me whole so easily while at the same time sucking so hard down upon me. My head lolling back I slumped back onto my bed, my strength leaving me as all sensation focused on my pulsing, throbbing dick. Looking at the ceiling I focused on her her tongue as it massaged my glans each time she pulled back up to the head of my dick. Then I turned my attention of the feel of her lips clamped around my rod as they glided smoothly against the skin of my manhood. I was in heaven. 

"Connor, you up yet?" spoke a completely different voice jolting me from my nirvana.

"Yes," I blurted frantically as I looked at the door to my room where my step-mothers voice had just emanated from.

"You ok?" She asked, her voice questioning.

"I-I'm fine," I said looking down at Natalie. To her credit Nat hadn't stopped sucking me for an instant, her long vacuum like swallows of my meat still sending waves of pleasure through me. Instead she her vibrant green eyes looked up at me and she winked. Oh she did not just fucking wink, I thought irritably for a second before Natalie's lips pulled across me in a groin tingly suck. I was seconds away from my stepmother coming into my room and finding my friend sucking me off and all she did was start to speed up!

"Are you sure? You sound strange," my step-mother asked as Natalie began playing with my balls again, with my cock down her throat nonetheless. 

"I'm fine," I repeated with a better measure of control this time as I struggled to remain coherent with my cock impaled down my best friends throat, "Just getting dressed, that's all."

"Alright," my step-mother acquiesced, "Well hurry, you have to pick up Natalie remember? And your father and I have a surprise for you.

"Uh, yeah...right," I replied as Natalie somehow smiled at me with my cock down her throat, "I'm hurrying." Listening closely I heard her start heading down the hall before I looked back down at my best friend. No longer looking up at me Natalie's eyes were closed in focus as she ate away at my meat like she'd been declined food for days. Grunting I realized that talking with my step-mother had brought me so close to the edge that I could feel the telltale pulsing in my balls of a huge orgasm. "I'm gonna cum," I whispered, making eye contact as she continued to mouth fuck me.

Surprisingly Natalie pulled my dick out of her mouth as her hands quickly sped up to a quick pumping speed on my shaft. "So cum," she said as sliding backwards off the bed she walked away from me before getting to her knees and opening her mouth, "In here."

Looking at my best friend sitting on her knees waiting for me to cum in her mouth I stood up in a flash. Striding to her I began pumping my dick with my hand as hard and quickly as I could. Jolts and waves of pleasure shot through my shaft and through my body as I worked myself over in front of her. But to my surprise Nat grabbed my hand and stopped me. 

Smiling up at me she shook her head as she pulled my hand off my dick and took my other hand by its wrist. Then in a motion I don't think I'll ever forget she laid both my hands on the sides of her head. Looking up at me she let her tongue dip out of her mouth in a motion that could only be described as beckoning. "Fuck my mouth birthday boy," she whispered to me as I felt her fingernails trace up the back of my calves to my knees and then to my thighs causing me to shiver. Sliding her fingers up under my boxers I felt her hands slowly caress my ass before suddenly squeezing down on me, "Now."

You don't have to tell me twice

Weaving my hands through her ebony locks I grasped her head carefully, then lining up the head of my cock to her open mouth I surged into her throat all the way to the base. Oh fuck me that's good. Bottoming out I heard Nat give a little grunt as I slid deep, down into her throat. Then pulling back I began a series of hard thrusts down my best friends throat. Each thrust pulling a light grunt from her as I slammed into her throat. It was amazing how tight it felt while at the same time relaxed taking my thrusts without complaint. This was by far the best gift I'd ever gotten. As I thrust away at her Nat held onto my ass rubbing and massaging it as I used her mouth. I could feel her nails kneading my muscles as my ass flexed and jabbed at her throat. And the sensation of her tongue flicking my cockhead every time I pulled back was driving me wild. If someone had warned me that this was coming I would have prepared myself. Nothing would have been better than a long and hard face-fucking to the gorgeous best friend I'd known forever, but with how good it felt pummeling her tonsils it wasn't soon before I felt my balls begin to pulse with an impending orgasm. "I'm gonna come soon," I warned Natalie not slowing down for an instant as my hips thrust me into her throat. Natalie let out a purring noise that did nothing, but speed up my coming orgasm as I listened to the sultry and sensual noise accompanying the wet noises of my cock fucking her throat hole. Soon the pulsing in my balls became a thundering surge each time my cockhead passed her lips. Then as I looked down at her our eyes met. And tightening my grip on her head I thrust myself down her throat one last time as my cock exploded in euphoric bliss

Sunlight is the only way I can think to begin explaining the orgasm that followed. Like an explosion of light through the dark the feeling of ecstasy surged through me shaking my entire body to the core as white syrup poured down my best friends throat. My hands quivered as I struggled to hold onto Natalie's head as she bobbed upon my shaft, prolonging one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever had. And as she did that I could hear the audible noise of her swallowing my spunk greedily. A rapid GULP GULP GULP. Groaning loudly I jolted again as I felt Nat give my balls one good hard squeeze before releasing her death grip on my waist and letting my now rapidly becoming flaccid cock slip from her lips. 

"Happy Birthday Connor," she said with a beatific smile as she stood and walked over to the window letting the morning sun into the room. "You better hurry up and get ready," she said in a mocking tone as all I could do at the moment was sway, orgasm overpowered body still in shock, "I'll need a ride to school in...oh half an hour. See you then." Then pulling the window open she stepped through the window out onto the roof of my house disappearing from sight. If I hadn't been completely punch drunk from that massive orgasm a few moments ago I still wouldn't have been worried about her on the roof of my house. Natalie had been sneaking into my room since we were eleven. She'd never done anything like this morning before, but I trusted her to be perfectly safely climbing down. However, before I began getting ready for the day I let myself bask in the afterglow of that amazing blowjob and the feelings of my best friends lips wrapped around my cock.

Happy Birthday to me.