 Stumbling down the stairs to my houses kitchen I grabbed a bowl for my cereal before sitting at the glass table we ate family meals at. Pouring the milk into some Coco Puffs I blinked as the box of cereal lifted up into the air and my older sister Candace sat down in the seat across from me. 

Around 5"4 with light caramel brown hair my sister was the opposite of me in body types. Where I was wiry and tall at 6'1 she was thick and shorter. However it was the type of thickness that most men seemed to love, a thickness only applying to her DD cup chest and voluptuous ass and hips as my diminutive sister's abs were toned and cut into her body leaving her stomach slim and giving her an hourglass shape. Surprisingly she was actually quite the athlete as she ran track for our highschool and was the Captain of the cross country squad, much to the chagrin of the skinnier girls on the team. Even now as she sat before me she turned her back in a stretch letting me know that her lower back was probably killing her. Ah the struggle's of D-cup breasts, I thought as I took another bite of my coco puffs. "New sports bra not cutting it?" I asked as I shoveled another bite of cereal into my mouth. 

Candace groaned as she turned to the other side and attempted to stretch the other side of her lower back before shaking her head, "I swear to god I'm about to start wearing two of them at this point. What took you so long to get ready today anyw-" 

Looking up at my sister I blinked as a strange serene expression swept over her face. Eyes wide open she was staring at me like she'd never seen me before. Which obviously made no sense since we'd been living in the same house all of our lives. As she looked at me, her eyes wandering across my body I felt the startling feeling of a foot drifting up my calf. Looking down through the glass of the table you can imagine my surprise when I saw my sister's leg outstretched under the table. Feeling the foot raise higher I could only gawk as it brushed against my thigh in a clear bid to press against something else. 

I don't know what brought me back to alertness, but before Candace's foot touched my crotch I grabbed it and looked at her. "Candy what are you doing?" I asked using the childhood nickname I'd annoyed her with for most of our lives. Candace's face faltered the serene look vanishing to be replaced by a shocked look of surprise.

"Uh...um," was all she could manage before yanking her foot back my older sister sharply stood to her feet and nearly ran from the room. 

The hell was that, I wondered to myself before my father walked swiftly into the room wearing his suit and carrying his brief case. 

"Happy Birthday son," he said warmly as he gave me a big hug. 

"Thanks Dad," I replied graciously as my excitement grew over the idea of the presents that were surely coming. 

"Now I know we usually save the gifts for when the family is all together, but I've been waiting to give this to you for nine years," My dad said as he carefully pulled out a small box that fit in his suit pocket. 

"Oh my god you're proposing!" I fake gasped humorously as I looked at the small velvet box. 

"Boy shut up," my dad replied with a wry grin as he opened the box and took out an engraved silver ring. A symmetrical design decorated the small ring as it wrapped around it. My father's grin disappeared for a moment to be replaced by a melancholic expression, "Your mother was going to give this to you when you became a man. It had been in her family for five generations." 

"Wow," I managed to say as a lump formed in my throat. My birth mother had died in a car crash when I was only nine years old. It had been an understandably hard time for our family, but we'd coped by coming closer together as a family. Then four years later my dad had met Hannah and fallen back in love. "Thanks dad I-I don't what to say..." 

My dad shook his head, "You don't have to say anything Son, but you should thank your step-mother Linda. She's the one who found it after I thought it had been lost when we'd donated your mother's things to the goodwill." Giving me another hug he patted my shoulder, "Take good care of it Connor, it's yours now." 

"I will dad, I promise," I said with conviction slipping the ring on to my middle finger. To my amazement it fit perfectly. 

"Good," my dad replied before glancing at the clock on the wall, "Well I'm running late now and apparently so are you. Better go pick up your girlfriend."

I sighed thinking of my best friend, "Natalie isn't my girlfriend dad we've been through this we're just...friends." 

My dad raised an eyebrow at my hesitation at the end, but then snorted and shrugged, "Well that's your and her choice, but you two have been together so long you might want to reconsider that son. The girls a looker." 

I rolled my eyes even as memories of this morning rushed to the forefront of my mind, "I'm aware that she's gorgeous dad, but she doesn't see me that way. I'm more like a brother to her than another guy." 

My dad winked at me as he hefted his briefcase, "Hell that's how your mother thought of me before I convinced her otherwise." 

Caught off guard by the comment I could only stare after him as he left through the garage door. Huh, I thought as I collected my backpack from my room and started walking down the hallway, maybe my dad does have a point. After all nothing like this morning had ever happened before between Nat and I. Nat was if anything a bit of a flirt, but with me she was always more playful and not as suggestive. Which was another form of torture with how I'd felt about her for the past two years. Or at least she had been playful before she fondled me in my sleep and proceeded to allow me to slam my cock down her throat until I jizzed straight into her stomach. Now I was not so sure of where we stood. Was I dating material now? Were we fuck buddies? Or had that just been a one time thing? I needed to find out because as I stepped into my car and fired up the engine a feeling of unease began to creep up on me. 

In the adrenaline and sexual furor of the moment I hadn't even bothered to think about the implications of what we were about to do. I'd been close friends with Nat for most of my life and when I say most I'm talking 16 years when her family moved to our neighborhood. We'd been raised together, grown up together. There probably wasn't anyone close in how much I trusted and cared about that girl. That along with the faint hope that she would stop teasing me one day and actually see me as somebody that she could be with as more than a friend was the example of how important our bond was. And now I might have fucked that all up. 

"Shit," I groaned to myself as I let my head fall forward with a bump against the steering wheel. As I sat there trying to think of something to say when something drew my attention out of the corner of my eye. Looking over at the window of my house I saw the blinds flicker as if someone had just been peering covertly through them. Someone with brown hair. 

Then there was that moment with my sister barely ten minutes ago. That had been weird. If I hadn't caught her foot right at that moment would she have rubbed her foot against me? To my surprise my cock shifted in my pants at the thought, growing to half mast before I begrudgingly stepped on the gas and drove away from my home. One thing at a time, I thought, let's just make sure to salvage one relationship before we accidentally butcher another. 

A couple minutes later I found myself sitting at the curb to Natalie's house waiting patiently for her to come out. Leg restlessly twitching I couldn't help but remember how only half an hour ago I'd been experiencing one of the most intense pleasurable moments of my life. As the door to Nat's house swung open I shook my head to rid myself of the thoughts and focus on the impending conversation ahead of me. Watching Natalie step through the door my mouth went dry. I was always aware of how attractive my friend was but with the tight grey shirt that clung to her body and the red and green plaid skirt that showed off her long, toned legs the image of her stepping outside just hammered in a realization that I'd been avoiding right up until this instant. I wanted more. That gorgeous creature bending over slightly to lock her door had been on her knees in my room clawing at my ass as she swallowed my meat less than an hour ago. And I wanted to return the favor. I wanted her on her back screaming her name as I devoured that pussy. Then when I'd put her in the same fuck daze she'd left me in I'd slam my dick home inside her and fucked her till she screamed my name a second time just before I exploded inside her like a-

"CONNOR?!" a voice shouted at me, loud enough to make me jump.

I jumped in my seat as I finally noticed Nat bent over looking curiously through the window at me. Thank God she couldn't hear my thoughts, I thought as we looked at each other.

She pointed down at the door with a bright smile, "Are you going to open the door or just keep staring at me like that?" 

Feeling my face heat up in a blush I quickly bent over to hide it and pulled the door handle to open the door on her side. "Sorry about that," I murmured pulling my seatbelt over my chest and clicking it to distract me as I head and felt my best friend slide into the car, "I don't know where my head was."

"Well that makes one of us doesn't it?" she said with a tantalizing smile. 

It took me a couple of confused seconds, but then I got it. Blushing profusely I looked away and started the car. Pulling off from her sidewalk we began heading to school, a quick ten minute ride. However, a few minutes into the ride I noticed Natalie staring at me. Not just prolonged glances either I mean she sat there with her hands folded in her lap just looking at me. Damn it, where had my nerve gone? Ten minutes ago I'd been ready for an uncomfortable conversation, but now I simply couldn't think of anything to say. It was like someone was continuously reaching into my head and stealing all the topics and reasons I'd come up with on the ride to her house. Quietly taking a deep breath I looked over at her to see her staring deliberately at my crotch. Then to further my surprise I found myself talking, "See something you like?" 

Had I really just said that? Oh my god she's going to think I'm a pig.

"I do actually," she said with a grin before looking up at me, "I like it a lot." OH. MY. GOD. Blushing again I heard Nat laugh, "Oh come on Connor I deepthroated you less than an hour ago. And I swallowed! Why are YOU so nervous to just sit in a car with me?"

"I don't know," I admitted truthfully no longer trying to hide my blush and just paying attention to the road, "I guess I just thought you'd be upset or weird about what happened this morning. I mean we've never done anything remotely like that before. Hell I haven't even kissed you and we just jumped to deepthroating slash facefucking. It kind of leaves me wondering where we stand." 

Natalie sighed, "To be honest I don't know what came over me Connor. One second I was climbing into your room like always then the next it was like I'd never seen you before. I just...wanted you so bad. And there you were, lying there with no shirt on looking like a nerdy underwear model. I shouldn't have taken advantage of you like that Connor, but I'm not going to apologize. I mean, you were the one who made me wait forever anyway."

Pulling into a space in the school parking lot I killed the engine and looked curiously at Natalie, "Wait, what do you mean wait forever?" 

Natalie froze as she was taking off her seat belt, visibly stiffening at my question before I saw the vibrant red of a blush emerge on her cheeks. Then she was pushing the door open and slamming it shut in a rush. 

Surprised I watched her go, going over her words in my head as I sat in my car. She wanted me. I'd made her wait forever. I slumped back into my chair as the realization that my friend had always been attracted to me settled in. How long had I been wasting time thinking that she didn't see me in the same way that I saw her. I mean shit she called me a male model! ...a nerdy male model, but dammit I'll take what I can get. Quickly grabbing my stuff I set off with every intention of talking to her, but with only seven minutes before class started I wasn't able to find her in time.

Which was fine since I just decided to wait for her at lunch. But once again I never saw her as I sat patiently waiting for a girl who never showed up. It wasn't until the end of the lunch period that I saw her emerge from a bathroom at the end of a hallway on my way back to my next class. I could see she was chewing something as she dropped a bag into the trash and rounded a corner to her next class. By the time I got to the corner she gone. 

She's avoiding me, I thought with a pang of annoyance as I waited for my second to last class to end, And there's no way for me to catch up with her after class since she's part of the dance team and they only let their members into the studio room. 

That was when a brilliant idea hit me. If she was going to avoid me I was going to go to the one place she couldn't avoid me. Smiling at the idea I waited patiently until the end of class then with a swiftness I didn't know I had I wove my way through the throngs of the student body and back to my car. I was the first car out of that parking lot as I sped slightly over the speed limit back to my house. 

The first one home I checked the clock to see how much time I had before Natalie's dance practice was over. As it was 3 o'clock on the dot I had two and a half hours. According to Natalie the extra half hour was for her to shower and relax after a hard practice. So setting an alarm I powered through all that days homework as quickly and efficiently as I could. By the time five o'clock rolled around I had finished my work and stowed it away in my backpack for tommorow. Then before I could think myself out of it I locked the front door and set off for Natalie's house. Weaving my way through the backyards and trail paths that cut through our neighborhood it took me ten minutes to make it to her house's backyard. While I hadn't had to sneak over here since I was 11 I had a plan for what I needed to do once I'd hopped the fence. 

Step 1. Comfort and Convert dog

A big wooden fence surrounded Natalie's house. The fence was there to keep out the pesky raccoons that roamed through the wooded area behind her house. And to keep her family's Pitbull Ivan inside after he'd killed three of them and an unlucky deer who'd wandered into the backyard to eat Natalie's mom's flowers. So jumping up onto the fence I grabbed the top of it and pulled myself up. 

Nearly instantly I could hear the light pants of the big brown pitbull coming toward me. Looking down I smiled at the familiar dog as he panted up at me curiously watching me ascend the fence. Finally making it over I landed lightly on my feet and was instantly set upon by Ivan trying to lick me all over. "Hey boy how you doing? You doing good boy?" I asked, hugging the dog and avoiding his tongue by flipping him over and rubbing his belly. The big dog may have been a danger to anyone else trying to break in, but to someone who'd helped walk him since he was a puppy I was like family.

Rubbing his belly for a minute or so I was petting his ears when I heard his stomach grumble. "You hungry boy?" I asked as I tried the back screen door and smiled when I found it open. A security dog was only as good as the dog not being converted with belly rubs and promises of food. And unfortunately Ivan had quite the weakness. 

Stepping silently into the house I listened for a moment for any signs of life. Nothing. I wasn't really surprised by that as Nat was an only child and both her parents worked late. Finding Ivan's food bowl I headed with it to the cupboard and found the dog foot on the second lowest shelf. Pouring a good sized helping in I laid the bowl down for the ecstatic and grateful canine. And quietly slipped away as he ate. I knew that after a meal the dog like to nap on his little dog bed so step one was complete

Step 2. Find a good hiding place

This was actually the easiest part of this entire escapade as I wasn't actually hiding from her just remaining out of sight if for some reason her parents returned. Checking my watch I saw that it was 5:20. So she'd be showering right now, I thought frowning as I instantly went to half mast. Sighing in consternation at how easy it was to turn myself on by just thinking of Nat I started upstairs to her room. Opening the door I stepped into the familiar room where we would hang out and study together all the time. Leaving the door cracked I sat down against the closet door, just out of sight of the doorway. Now all I had to do was wait. 

Step 3. Wait for girl to appear and confront. 

This was by far the hardest part of the plan. Not only because there was a chance Natalie would angrily throw me out of her house, but also because I wondered if I should have just gave her a day to work out what ever it was she meant. I pondered leaving quickly while I still could, but shook my head at losing the opportunity to both surprise her and get answers. Besides it was my birthday and she'd never missed one like I'd never missed one of hers. Sitting there patiently I was going through another level of candy crush saga when I heard the door opening and closing downstairs. 

"Hey Ivan you ready to eat buddy," I heard her coo to the Pitbull as she walked into the kitchen. Listening closely I heard the sounds of her filling his bowl then a lull as I imagined her holding it out to him, "Huh, you're not hungry? Well that's a first...And your out cold, ok..." Listening to the footsteps heading upstairs I crossed my legs and waited patiently as the creaks and groans of the wood echoed Nat's approach. Then a soft sigh of the door swinging across the carpet sounded next to me as the door to the room swung open and Natalie stepped through. Throwing her messenger bag on her bed she collapsed face first after it, burying her head in a pillow before she let out a loud groan. 

Smiling faintly I opened my mouth, "This a bad time?"

Natalie bucked off the bed, giving a little yelp of surprise as she tried to whirl around to look at me. This unfortunately sent her sliding of the bed and landing with a thud on her butt. 

"C-Connor!" she said, completely shocked at my sudden appearance, "What are you doing here?!" Standing up I walked up to her grinning boldly as I looked down at her flustered, surprised expression. 

Holding a hand out to her I smiled warmly before speaking, "Did you really think you could avoid me all day?" 

Natalie sighed before accepting my hand and letting me pull her to her feet, "I don't know, I think I was doing a pretty good job up until now." 

"So you really were going to skip my birthday party," I stated bluntly, feeling a slight pang of hurt and anger shoot through me. We'd been going to each others birthday parties since we'd met. The thought that she'd really skip something like that was like a punch in the gut. 

"No," she said guiltily before looking suddenly unsure, "I mean I don't know would you even have wanted me to come?" 

"Oh my god you are literally one of seven people who I actually want there! Of course I want you to come!" I answered indignantly. "Why are you being so weird about this?" I asked as concern began to ripple through me in a chilling wave, "When we were talking this morning you seemed fine and now? You're avoiding me, skipping out on my birthday...Nat what is it that is making you pull away like-?"

"Because you don't feel the same!" she shouted, angrily cutting me off as she stepped forward and got into my face, "Because even after I sucked your fucking dick you treated me exactly the same! Nothing changed! You were just worried about finding out if we were friends or not when it's pretty fucking obvious that I don't want to just be your goddamn friend!" 
