 "Did you really think it would take me that long to get changed?" Natalie asked dryly as she looked over my shocked expression.

"Shit, I'm sorry Nat. I don't know what came over me. Honestly when I walked into the kitchen I didn't expect any of this to happen," I answered guiltily, waiting for Nat to get angry and lash out

But she didn't. Instead she wordlessly shrugged and glanced back up the staircase. When she looked back at me it was cautious, careful look, "What are your feelings on voyeurism?" 

"Voyeurism?" I asked curiously, what in the world did this have to do about that?

"Yeah you know, like watching people have sex without them knowing or having sex where people could catch you," she said slowly, seemingly waiting for some sort of reaction from me, "What would you think about somebody who was into that?"

Raising an eyebrow it took me a minute, but eventually I understood that she was referring to herself, "Well...I don't think I'd think any less of them. I mean we all have quirky things that turn us on. You know...fetishes"

Nat looked at me skeptically for a moment before suddenly grasping my hand by its wrist and dragging it downward. 

Sliding it under her skirt and into her panties I blinked as my fingers slid across her smooth lower lips, they were soaking wet.

"That was from watching you two," she said quietly before looking back at the sound of someone walking loudly down the hallway. Pulling my hand away Nat quickly tidied herself up before Mrs. Campbell came down the stairs. 

"You guys ready to go?" she asked quickly, not looking at me as she walked to the front door to grab her purse.

Oh the cold shoulder I thought with a small grin before Natalie gave me a cool look that made me wonder where we stood now. God I had just solved this like fifteen minutes ago, but now I was back wondering if we could be friends again let alone become an item. Sighing I shook my head, what a great and also frustrating day. 

Getting into Mrs. Campbell's car the ride was quiet as we drove over in relative silence. Half lost in the memory of me pounding away at Mrs. Campbell I blinked as I felt my cell phone buzz in my pocket. Pulling it out I turned on the screen to see I had a text from Nat. Seated in the back I looked up at the side view mirror to see her staring meaningfully at me. Nodding I went to my texts to read her message. 

So it doesn't freak you out that I got turned on by watching my mother getting fucked? -N

I frowned at her blunt question. I hadn't actually thought of that, but in hindsight that was...well kind of fucking hot.

Not going to lie Natalie, that really wasn't my biggest concern. I was more worried about how you were going to react to me hooking up with your mom in the first place-C

Looking at Natalie's expression in the side view mirror I saw he bite her lip before shrugging a shoulder and typing out an answer. 

Honestly? A little annoyed. I mean I did all the work getting you hard and mom reaped all the benefits. It's kind of fucked up that I'm going to get that thing second to my mother. Anyways I would be way more mad if it had been some other girl, but seeing you with mom just turned me on.

I blinked as I looked down at the text, sure I had read it wrong. What did she mean second to her mother? Did she still want to have sex with me?!

Wait are you saying you still want to...?-Connor

Natalie's eyes rolled as she quickly typed out an answer and gave me a sarcastic look through the mirror.

Are you kidding? It took you ten minutes to put my mother in a daze. I definitely want some of that. Although not today...no I'll let you know when I want to take you for a ride. Oh and by the way, you owe me one now ;) -N

Looking up from my phone I caught Natalie grinning at me before giving me a wink and looking forward to my approaching house. "Connor's gifts are in the trunk right?" she asked her mother causing Mrs. Campbell to nod.

"Yeah they're in the trunk we'll let the guest of honor go into his house before we bring them out though," she answered her daughter as she pulled into my driveway. 

I had had begun to notice that Mrs. Campbell wouldn't look at me throughout leaving her house and driving to my own. Everything was a careful controlled action, from immediately walking past Nat and I in the kitchen to not so much as using the rearview during the drive to my house. The woman was being careful to keep a sense of distance from me, probably to not give her daughter any ideas of what had happened in the kitchen. Which was pointless since Nat had seen everything, but Mrs. Campbell didn't have to know that.

Stepping out of the car I covered my eyes and pretended to peek through my fingers back at the car where Natalie and Mrs. Campbell were waiting for me to leave. 

"Go away Connor," Nat yelled at me as the two women stared me down. Giving up I flashed them a smile before stepping into my house. 

"There you are Connor. What've you been up to?" my father asked as he spotted me walking past the living room. 

"Just went by Nat's house to see if I could get a peek at the gifts they got me. We hung out a bit before they gave me a ride over," I answered giving him a one armed hug.

My dad paused before sniffing me, "Oh was that what you were doing? Because you smell a little boy. Might want to grab a quick shower."

"I do?" I asked myself sniffing at my armpit to reveal that I was indeed a tiny bit rank. I guess banging Mrs. Campbell had made me sweat a little, "I'll go take a quick shower." 

My father nodded, "You do that. Linda (my stepmother) is almost done with the food for dinner so when your done stay out of the kitchen. The cake's in there."

I frowned at him, "Well gee dad thanks for spoiling the surprise."

My dad snorted looking unimpressed, "Boy we have been making you cake damn near every birthday of your life. Not much of a surprise now I think. Now hurry up and get in the shower."

Laughing I headed upstairs to my room. Quickly stripping out of all my clothes besides my boxers I peeked into the hallway before quickly slipping into the bathroom. Ten minutes later I was fresh and showered. Checking that the hallway was clear first I slipped back into my room and quickly got dressed in a tshirt and some loose cargo shorts. Heading downstairs I almost walked into the kitchen when I remembered dad's warning about the cake. Instead heading into the living room I came to a stop as a familiar figure stood up from the couch.

"Uncle Arthur?" I said in surprise as I headed over to hug the man, "I had no idea you were coming! How's it going?"

My uncle pulled back from the hug holding my shoulders at arms length, "I remembered when you were small enough to fit in my hand...now look at you."

I shrugged my shoulders with a grin, "What can I say, puberty has been kind." 

A strange look came over my Uncle's face before he snorted giving me a light punch to the shoulder, "Yeah I guess it's about time to talk to you about that..." 

I raised an eyebrow, "About what?" 

"My sister's ring. I mean your father gave it to you right?" He asked expectantly. 

Leaving out that technically he'd lost it like years ago I nodded, "Yeah he gave it to me this morning. 

"Good," My Uncle nodded, "Although I don't see you wearing it. Why's that?" 

Why is it so important for me to wear it, I thought before shrugging, "I took it off before I...showered."

A knowing look came to my Uncle's eyes, "Well that's probably one of the best times to take it off right? ...Before a shower of course."

A growing suspicion took me as I quickly took a look around the room to see if anyone was listening. Seeing only my sister with her back to me and Nat talking I leaned in curiously, "Is it just me or am I sensing a double meaning here...something you want to say Uncle?" 

Uncle Arthur smiled before shaking his head, "No double meanings kid...just keep that ring handy. It's useful when you don't want to attract any...showers. Right Sophie?"

As soon as he finished speaking I felt a firm softness press into my back making me jump slightly as two slender arms wrapped around me. 

"That's right Arthur," a accented voice purred into my ear as the very, "Who knows what could happen without that lucky ring."

"U-uh hey Aunt Sophia," I said looking over my shoulder at the bronze skinned Brazilian woman pressing her bounteous chest against my back. 

Aunt Sophia or Sophia Moralez was kind of a mystery to me and my family. We all new that Uncle Arthur and she had married over a decade ago, but we still couldn't figure out how in the hell our Uncle had pulled it off. It wasn't that Uncle Arthur was a bad looking guy it was just that...ok to be honest he wasn't the best looking dude, but wasn't ugly either. He was...exceedingly average looking. 

Sophia on the other hand, or Aunt Sophie for short, was a curvy Latina from Brazil with a penchant for hugging. As a younger child I'd always enjoyed hanging around with my aunt, but as I grew older and began understanding the mysteries of the female form I began noticing my aunts body more than I probably should. I mean the woman was built like a porn star with a gorgeous face to boot. Buxom and curvy she was my hot Aunt who right now had her breasts pressed hard into my back. 

Feeling the telltale swelling between my legs of a coming erection I turned in my aunt's grasp and lifted her into a bear hug. "Aunt Sophie," I said loudly in surprise, "You're here to? Wow I haven't seen you guys in so long."

It was true too. While my Uncle actually had a house only forty minutes or so away from ours, Sophia and he traveled so much that it was temporary dwelling for them to return to every once in a while.

Setting my Aunt down I pecked her on the cheek and wisely moved back out of her grasp...and that chest. My Aunt's breasts were partially on display in a tight fitting blouse that accentuated her ample cleavage. Add that to a tight fitting skirt that showed off the full curves of her hips and I had adequate reasons to keep her at an arms distance. "So you guys came home for my birthday party?" I asked, completely ignoring the sexual overtone Aunt Sophie's greeting had held. 

Sophia shook her head slowly looking me up and down, "No, we came to see you become a man Sobrino."

I blinked at the tone her voice took swallowing as I felt myself begin to stiffen again. 

Uncle Arthur laughed, "I'm pretty sure our nephew has seen to that already."

Sophia pouted, looking disappointed, "Aw, I don't get first dibs?" 

"First dibs?" I asked, feeling increasingly confused. First dibs on what? 

Uncle Arthur shot my Aunt a look, "He's still new to this Sophie, give him some time before you jump him."

Jump me? I thought in alarm. Was my Aunt making a pass at me?? Right in front of Uncle Arthur. Looking uncomfortable I glanced at my Uncle to see he had a curious expression on his face. 

"Tell me Connor," he said curiously, "When you got my sister's ring did it come with a note?" 

I began to shake my head when I remembered that my dad had at one point lost the ring. Maybe the letter got lost in the fray, I thought. Scratching the back of my head I looked awkwardly away, "My dad may have misplaced it earlier because there was no note."

Uncle Arthur groaned pinching the bridge of his nose with his fingers, "Christ that's not good. How long have you had the ring off?" 

"Um about ten minutes," I said uneasily, becoming unnerved by his tone, "Why?" 

"Go put it on, now," Uncle Arthur said forcefully. When I hesitated, looking concerned, he gave me a gentle smile, "Just trust me ok?" 

Nodding I quickly headed upstairs to my room. Rooting through my dirty clothes bin I found my clothes from earlier, but to my alarm the ring was missing. Slightly panicking I began rapidly emptying the bin, throwing my clothes over my shoulder in a cascade of clothing until I saw a silvery glint. Snatching at it I let out a huge sigh of relief as my hand closed around the familiar coolness of the ring. 

"Damn one day and I almost already lost you," I breathed. 

"Connor?" a voice sounded behind me. 

Looking over my shoulder I saw my older sister come push the door open to step into my room. 

"Hey Candy what's up?"

"Linda just finished everything, she sent me to get..." said Candace before trailing off as she stood there staring at me.

I raised an eyebrow at her as I watched her take a breath, tongue wetting her lips. Then the same expression from this morning came over her face and I knew something was about to happen. It was just as she began walking toward me that a thought hit me. Candace had slid her foot up my leg mere moments before my father had given me the ring. And right now I had the ring in my hand, but was not wearing it. Was not wearing the ring encouraging this behavior? That was all I could think before Candace strode the few feet between us and shoved me backwards. 

Calves hitting the bed I fell onto my back, quickly finding my sister climbing on top of me. Straddling me I felt her grind down against my stiff member with a . At this point after all of Aunt Sophia's suggestiveness I wasn't surprised to find it trying to stand tall against the fabric of my boxers. Seizing two handfuls of my shirt she pulled me forward and before I could say anything landed a hard kiss to my lips.

Complete and utter shock would describe the first few seconds of the kiss. Then followed by one of the most profound waves of lust I have ever felt in my eighteen years on this planet. It was my sister, my older sister. The sexy, stacked captain of the cross country team who drew everyone's gaze as she ran past. I'd always noticed her physical features, but had put it to the wayside as forbidden fruit, something to see but never touch. 

But as she lay across me her breasts ballooning out between our crushed chests, her legs squeezing me against her sex, fingers running through my hair, and her tongue writhing down my throat I threw all that to the wayside and gave into temptation. Seizing one handful of the bubble butt I'd been looking at for years, but never really seeing up until now I pulled her down with my other hand as I returned her kiss with everything I had.

"Unnnghhhh," Candace groaned as my hips surged upwards dragging my length against her through our clothes as we kissed. The kiss was passionate and physical, kind of like my older sister, but with this soft tinge to it that reminded me of the lifetime we'd spent together as siblings. "Please Connor," Candace begged grinding down into me so hard I actually pressed into the bed, "Give it to me. Let me have it Connor."

I was so far gone lost in her scent and the press of her body that I didn't feel any hesitation as I flipped her over onto her back. However, as I did I felt the ring fall out of my hand and onto the bed beside us. What had I been so focused on earlier, I thought as my tongue wrestled with my sisters. It had had something to do with that very ring...OH SHIT. Pulling back with a surprising speed I scooped up the ring off the bed and taking a step back slid it onto my finger. 

The change was immediate. One second my sister had this lust crazed aggressiveness on every feature of her face, but as soon as the ring slid home onto my finger her face went slack. A look of horror instantly replaced it as my sister sat up on my bed hands slapping to her mouth as we stared back at each other. 

"Candace...are you ok?" I asked slowly while trying to get my own breathing under control.

"How can you ask me that?!" she said sharply, a sob breaking into her voice midword. Taking deep breaths that didn't seem to in any way calm her she covered her face with her hands, "Oh my god I just tried to force myself on my baby brother. What is wrong with me!?" 

"Shh, shh," I shushed taking a hesitant step forward as the last part of her question came out rather loudly, "It's ok Candace."

"It's not ok!" she said fiercely, "I'm your big sister. I'm supposed to look out for you, take care of you, protect you. I'm not supposed to want you like this!"

"Shhhh," I said slowly taking another step closer and kneeling down in front of her, "What do you mean want me?" 

Candace seemed surprised by my calm tone enough to lower her hands to look at me for half a second before flushing red and looking down, "God, Connor I've always thought you were hot, but you're my little brother. I've just pushed it to the wayside until now, but this morning when I saw you all I could think was that you were a man now. And I just...couldn't stop thinking about you like that, like you weren't my brother and were just some guy. Some really attractive, really available guy. Oh my god you must think I'm a huge slut."

Reaching out I took her hands in mine, "Candy I've known you my entire life you are one of the most focused and moral individuals I know. In fact if you hadn't just kissed me like that I'd still think of you in the same context as a nun. No what is this about me being really, really attractive? Is that why you were trying to play footsie with me this morning?" 

Candace looked away from me her face still tinged red, "Maybe." 

"And that kiss?" I asked, "Was that this attraction you're talking about?" 

Candace nodded looking supremely guilty, "Yeah, I walked in here to bring you downstairs, but as soon as I opened that door I just couldn't help myself. It was like every rational argument I'd ever come up with on why I shouldn't find you attractive was swept under the rug, just leaving me with a huge lady boner for my little brother. Fuck this is so weird." 

I probably shouldn't have, but I couldn't hold back the laugh that escaped me, "Lady boner huh?" 

Candace shook her head at me smiling slightly, "What can I say? You get me hot."

I was quiet as we just looked at each other for a moment. As I looked into Candace's eyes I could feel my repressed attraction to my sister attempting to rear it's head again so stepping back I pulled her up off the bed so we were both standing, "Come on, we can't keep everyone waiting right?" 

"Right," Candace said hesitantly, brushing herself over before walking ahead of me. Almost against my will my eyes fell downward to the black leggings she was wearing around those toned athletic legs of hers, but mostly to that thick bubble butt they stuck to like a second skin. Shaking my head ruefully at the memory of having my hands all over that only minutes ago I followed her out of my room and downstairs.

My birthday party was a happy affair of close friends and family as we shared food and caught up. Throughout it I kept a happy expression despite the turbulent thoughts rushing through my head. Natalie wasn't as irate as I thought she would have been, but apparently I owed her now. I didn't know what, but I wasn't looking forward to finding out. Then there was Mrs. Campbell. She'd been giving me the cold shoulder all night, being polite and courteous, but all the while distant. Something told me if I wanted her again I'd need to turn on the aggression and dominate her again, but I had no inclination to do that as my maybe, possible relationship with Nat was already in bad enough shape without me doing that as well. Next was Candace who had been quiet most of the night, but always seemed to have her eyes at me throughout the evening. I knew we needed to talk about what happened in my room, but until I figured out what was going on with this ring I didn't have an answer. 

And that led to the final question, what the hell was going on with me and this ring? It seemed that whenever I didn't have it on something sexual happened to me. From Natalie sucking me off this morning, to Mrs. Campbell letting me bend her over in her own kitchen, and finally my sister in both the morning and the evening showing very clear signs of desire for me. I knew that there was no way this was natural. Some guys had good luck, but this was an entirely different level of luck. Throughout the night I tried to talk to Uncle Arthur, but he continued to ignore my questions or position himself around others co I couldn't question him. I was beginning to grow irritated at his evasiveness when my phone vibrated.
