 I saw her nearly every day on my way home from work. We picked up the bus at the same stop, though she got off before I did. I didn't know her name, but she was a petite, dark skinned beauty with a great figure and massive boobs. She wasn't black and she didn't look Mexican or Indian, but I thought she might be Brazilian or something like that. Her hair was thick and black and her skin was a rich, mocha color. Yes, I was very attracted to her -- physically, at least. I'd never had a conversation with her and knew basically nothing about her. That all changed one fall evening.

As usual, I watched closely as she left the bus that night. I watched her huge breasts heave as she stood up and my eyes followed her beautiful ass until it was out of sight down the stairs. I glanced back at where she had been sitting and noticed something dark sitting there. Nobody else on the bus seemed to have noticed, so I moved over and picked it up. It was her wallet. It must have fallen out of her bag.

I grabbed the cord to signal the driver for the next stop, figuring I'd just backtrack and hoping she hadn't connected to another bus route. As I hopped off the bus, I checked inside the wallet for her driver's license to get her address. The picture didn't do her justice at all, but I found out her name was Morgan. It fit her. She looked like a Morgan.

The address wasn't that far. I headed back a few blocks and west a few more and found myself in front of a large house that had been subdivided into apartments, which explained the "B" after the house number on her license. As I reached the front steps, I noticed a small sign to the left side indicating that apartments "A" and "C" could be accessed by the front door, but to follow the path around the side of the house for apartments "B" and "D". I headed around the side of the house, surprised by how dark it was especially with the ominous shrubbery. You couldn't even see the neighboring house. I suspected that most residents used the driveway on the other side of the house to access the rear. At the corner of the house, as I was about to turn, I noticed a light shining from a first floor window so, naturally, I looked in. There was Morgan.

She was standing in a small kitchen near a small table looking through her mail. I watched her for a few moments and just as I decided there wouldn't be anything more to see and was going continue on to the back door, she set the mail down and moved out of the kitchen. Any internal debate about following her versus knocking on the door was over before it started - I moved back up the walk toward the next window. Morgan turned on a small lamp as she passed through the living room. In the bedroom she turned on the overhead light, but lucky for me, she softened it with the dimmer switch. I was still safe peeking in at her as long as I was careful. The side window where I stood looked directly at her queen-size bed. To my left was the doorway leading from the living room and on the right was another window looking out onto the front porch. There was a door across from me on the left of the bed that I assumed was a closet.

Morgan kicked her shoes toward that door and crossed to the front window to close the blind.

"Shit," I thought, "show's over." As she turned toward me, I backed off into the darkness. When I didn't see Morgan move in front of the window and the blind didn't drop, I cautiously snuck back over for another peek. She was standing at the foot of her bed just beginning to unbutton her blouse. My timing couldn't have been better. I guessed that she probably felt she didn't need to close the other blinds because of the massive shrubbery on that side. It was a perv's paradise.

She pulled her blouse out of the waistband of her skirt and finished unbuttoning it, revealing a lacy black bra restraining her massive boobs. They had to be 38's, minimum, and she wasn't more than 5'-5" tall. She tossed the blouse onto her bed and reached behind her to unzip her skirt. As she let the skirt drop to the floor, revealing black bikini panties, I was at three-quarter staff. She kicked the skirt up onto the bed and reached behind her to unhook her bra. The straps sprung apart and she leaned forward and shook it off her arms, causing her boobs to jiggle and causing me to groan softly. She dropped the bra onto the bed and began massaging her breasts around the outside trying to work out the creases left by hours of constraint. As she rubbed, her nipples began to harden. Her areola were large and dark against her mocha skin, and as her hands moved closer and closer to them, her nipples poked out further and further. I realized that by trying to restore circulation to her boobs, she was turning herself on. Finally, she was tracing around her areola and pulling her nipples. She had been standing sideways to me wearing only her panties when she turned full towards me and sat on the end of the bed.

She was pulling and twisting her nipples and lifting them up to her mouth to lick them and I was rock hard in my pants, resisting the urge to whip it out until I saw how far this was going. She ran both hands from her shoulders down over her breasts, palms brushing over her nipples, down her stomach, along her thighs and back up to her mound. She rubbed both hands over the front of her panties before laying back, lifting her legs straight up and sliding them off. She lay there, feet still planted on the floor, legs spread wide giving me a quick view of her black-haired bush before her hands attacked her exposed pussy. With one hand she was rubbing her clit while the other sunk two fingers in and out of her opening. My cock was now out and I was pumping away furiously, ready to blast a hole in the side of the house.

After about a minute, she stopped abruptly and turned over and crawled up her bed. On all fours with her ass and pussy aimed directly at me, she opened the drawer of the nightstand and pulled out a vibrator. Her head dropped to the pillow as she reached around behind her and inserted her toy. She was stroking her clit while pumping her pussy when I shot my load all over the side of the house.

As the blood left my groin region and returned to my brain, I had what can only be described as an epiphany. I tucked myself away as I dashed around to the back of the house. I rang the bell as I checked to make sure I was presentable. I waited a few seconds and rang again. I could picture her masturbating furiously, on the brink of orgasm, with no intention of stopping to answer the door. I rang again. I didn't want her to orgasm. I figured horniness plus gratitude (for returning the wallet) plus opportunity (me, a guy, being there) might work out for the both of us. I rang the bell again just as I heard her crossing the kitchen floor. The door flung open and she stood there in a robe as her angry look changed to confusion. She obviously recognized me and was trying to figure out in a split second what I could be doing there.

"May I help you?" she asked. I held up her wallet.

"You left this on the bus." I told her. Her eyes got wide as she reached out for it. "I noticed it right after you got off so I got off at the next stop."

"You walked all the way over here from Evans Avenue?" she asked, incredulously, looking up from her wallet to me.

"Yeah," I shrugged, "no big deal."

"It is to me." she said, as she backed up and invited me in. "If some creep had gotten a hold of this, my identity would have been stolen, my credit shot and I'd have ended up in the poorhouse before I even realized it was gone. There must be something I can do to repay you." she offered as we stood in her kitchen. She gave me the once over. "Anything."

I could feel the familiar rise in my pants again and noticed that her nipples were pushing against the thin fabric of her robe. Before I had a chance to answer, our eyes locked and we began moving toward each other. Just before our lips met, I felt her hand cup the solid mass in my pants. As her soft lips parted and our tongues mingled, I placed my hands on her breasts feeling her large nipples pressing against my palms. I started rubbing in a circular motion before reaching down to untie her robe and push it open. I grasped her nipples in my fingers and began pulling and twisting as I'd seen her doing to herself. Meanwhile, she was working on undoing my belt.

She got my pants open and pushed them and my briefs down out of the way, allowing my halfway stiff cock to spring free. Her gentle caresses and stroking got me fully hard while we continued to make out and my hands slipped down to squeeze her ass cheeks through her robe. She broke our kiss and dropped down to her knees. I ran my hands through her hair as she first kissed the head of my cock, gripping it in her right hand, then engulfed the entire thing in her warm, wet mouth. Her oral skills were amazing and after a few minutes, even though I'd just left a load on the wall outside her window, I knew it wouldn't be long before I'd be ready to launch another down her throat. I pulled out of her mouth and turned her face up to look at me.

"Not that you aren't absolutely amazing at that, because you are," I said, "but how about some mutual pleasure?" I helped her stand and lifted her onto her kitchen table. Pushing the mail out of the way, I laid her back and teased her opening with the tip of my cock. Finally I pushed myself in as she let out a moan. I hooked her legs over my arms and began deep thrusts in and out of her sweet pussy. She had her eyes closed and was playing with her nipples until one hand snuck down to play with her clit. I was watching her breasts heaving forward and back with my thrusting when I felt her pussy tightening. She arched her back and let out a long, low moan. I kept driving while the convulsing muscles gripped and released me. When she opened her eyes and smiled seductively at me, I pulled out and had her turn over.

Now she was bent over, leaning on the table, and I worked myself into her from behind, eyeing her sweet ass. She let out another moan as I apparently found her G-spot. I reached around and cupped as much of her boobs as I could, tweaking the nipples. She was noisier in this position, letting out little squeaks and grunts so I figured I must really be hitting her just right. I kept pumping and snuck a hand down myself this time to play with her clit. As I was thinking about pumping a little faster so I could cum, her second orgasm hit. This time I felt her pussy flooding with juices as she let out a little cry.

I was ready for my own orgasm by then, so I pulled out again and sat on one of the kitchen chairs. Morgan turned to face me and lowered herself onto my slippery, shiny member. Her boobs were right in front of me, so I was lifting them up to lick and suck her nipples as she raised and lowered herself on my lap. As I felt my orgasm building, I let go of her tits and grabbed under the ass to fuck her harder and faster, setting her boobs to bouncing wildly. Finally, I was practically off the chair thrusting up into her when an explosion of pleasure ripped through my body. My thrusting slowed and finally stopped as I rested my head on Morgan's shoulder, feeling our sweat mingling together. Morgan was resting her cheek on top of my head.

Once we'd caught our breath, we picked up our heads and started making out again as my softening penis began slipping out of her. Morgan lifted herself off me and stood, naked, looking down at me - she'd lost her robe at some point.

"You're wearing way too much" she said, smiling. I still had basically all of my clothes on, my pants and briefs pushed down my legs. She stood me up and, grabbing me by the penis, led me through the living room into her bedroom. She had me lay back on the bed and went to work removing my shoes. I was examining every line of her back, the curve of her ass sitting on the end of the bed, the slope of her breasts, the color of her skin and the deep black of her hair as my shoes hit the floor followed by my socks. She stood and leaned over my feet to grasp my pants and briefs, her breasts swinging below her as she smiled up at me. My pants and briefs soon joined my shoes and socks on the floor and she crawled up me like a jungle cat stalking her prey. On the way up, she paused to give my still limp cock a few licks, which started it waking up again, followed by a few licks to my nipples. She kissed me as she was working my shirt up and over my shoulders, tossing it behind her once it was off. She was straddling my hips, but moved upward leaving a slippery trail before parking herself over my face.

I looked up at her dark black pubes, her slippery lips and her engorged clit, her big boobs looming in the distance. I went to work licking and sucking her clit as I slid two fingers into her. She started moving her hips and groaning, getting into it, with her hands on the wall behind me. I slipped my other hand, which had been gripping her ass, around to her pussy and slipped another finger into her. After a few strokes to get good and lubed, that finger found its way into her ass.

I can't explain in print the sound that Morgan made at that point, but it was a combination of pleasure and surprise. Then she suddenly began convulsing and I got a mouthful of her sweet juices. She came hard and intensely; I guess that finger did the trick. When she settled down, I slipped my fingers out of her orifices and she slid down to lay on top of me. My cock fit nicely into the Y of her legs and was tickled by her pubes. She reached back while we made out and realized that I was ready for another go.

"Well, let's not let this go to waste," she said, gripping my still growing member. She moved down the bed and lowered her mouth onto me, engulfing me completely. Sliding her mouth back up, she sucked the head then licked up the underside. She held my balls in her hand before gently taking each one into her mouth and licking around my whole sack. Back down for a couple of strokes into her mouth, she then wrapped her breasts around it giving me a brief tit-fuck before climbing up and lowering herself onto me. Leaning forward onto my chest, she started slamming herself backwards onto my cock looking for another orgasm. My hands moved from her hips to her ass as I helped her up and down. I applied light pressure with a fingertip to her anus without penetrating her this time and achieved positive results -- she came again, drenching me with her flowing juices.

I wasn't quite there yet, so I flipped Morgan over onto her back and pushed her legs up onto my shoulders. In this position I was able to look down at my slippery cock disappearing into her dark bush, which I found to be an incredible turn on. I had one hand on Morgan's left tit, pulling on her nipple, and the other hand she had taken several fingers and was sucking on them, looking lustfully at me. I was thrusting harder and harder causing Morgan's breasts to bounce violently. Finally, with one last shove, I erupted into her, feeling the orgasm from the tips of my toes. I took her legs from my shoulders and collapsed next to her.

We fucked each other silly for the next couple of hours, before I had to go catch a bus home. It looks like I'll be "getting off" at Morgan's bus stop for a while.