 He had noticed her as she walked into the room. The flowing red hair caught his attention. He was a sucker for red hair, and freckles. She was talking to some friends as he worked his way across the room toward her. As he drew closer, his eyes were able to take in more of her, the lean legs beneath the short black dress, the way it draped across her ass. He couldn't wait to see it, and feel it in his hands, and he knew he would, soon. The tingle in his body that he always felt when he encountered a woman like this had begun. The anticipation of the hunt stirred his loins. 

Jim had been hesitant to come when his friends invited him to the party. He wouldn't know many people there, and socializing with strangers was not his favorite thing to do. With women though, it was different. He loved the thrill of seduction. He was good at it, better than most. 

"Good evening," he said as he walked up to the group of three women. 

"Hi Jim!" replied Megan. "Glad you could make it tonight. These are my friends Serena and Ashley." 

The girls turned to greet Jim, and he got his first good look at them. Ashley was a brunette, fairly tall with curves in just the right places. On another night, she might have been the focus of his attention. She smiled. "Hi Jim, nice to meet you." 

"Hi Ashley. How are you this fine evening?" He took her hand gently in his, not really shaking it, but holding it and nodding his head to her. It always paid off to treat a woman like a lady. 

"I'm doing great! What about you?" she answered. 

"Much better now!" he said as he smiled at her. He held her hand for just a beat longer than what was normal and gave it a light, subtle squeeze before he let go while his eyes and hers froze together for a brief moment. 

He turned to Serena and was stunned. From the back, she looked appealing, but the view from the front almost took his breath away. Her face was just what he loved, the "girl next door" type of look. But there was nothing "girl next door" about her body. The dress was short, but also cut low in a flattering way, at least for someone as gifted as Serena. Her breasts invited stares as they thrust out from her body. Jim swore that if he dropped the lemon from his drink between them, it would fall straight to the floor. 

"Hello Serena, and how are you?" Jim asked. 

"Good, are you having a good time?" Serena asked in turn. 

Jim replied, "Yes, I am. I wasn't sure about coming tonight, but I am glad I did, just so I could meet such beautiful young ladies." His eyes drifted back to Ashley. It was always better to give his prey less attention at first, so they wouldn't realize they were a target. They tended to lower their guard that way and make it easier when he decided to make his move. 

"So Ashley, what do you do when you aren't hanging around parties making men drool?" Jim said with a slight chuckle in his voice. 

Ashley smiled at the funny compliment. She liked men who didn't take themselves too seriously and could tell Jim fit into that category. "I'm a lab tech, going to school to be a pharmacist." 

"So you will be the one I want to see when I need drugs, good to know," Jim quipped. 

As the three girls laughed, Jim turned to Serena, "And what do you do Serena?" 

"I'm going to school full-time to be a vet, but I work at the liquor store over on Oak Street," Serena answered. 

"Wow! My lucky night!" said Jim. "I found just the girls who can hook me up with drugs AND alcohol. I'm VERY glad I came tonight now!" 

The girls laughed again. 

"Megan, why didn't you introduce them to me a long time ago? I could have saved lot of money with connections like these." 

Megan replied, "Well, if you would come to parties more often, I would have." 

"My bad," said Jim. "I'll have to do better. If other parties are like tonight, I have been missing out." He smiled again at Ashley. "My drink is running low. I should go fill up. Anyone else need a refill?" he asked, glancing over at Serena and Megan. 

"I just filled up, so I'm good," answered Serena. 

"I bet you are," thought Jim, "and I'm going to find out later." 

Megan answered, "I'm good too, for now." 

"I could use a fill up," replied Ashley. 

"Come along my dear, let's go find the booze!" Jim offered her his arm as he started off toward the kitchen. Ashely lightly placed her hand on his arm as they walked off. 

Serena watched them walk away. "He seems like a nice guy, but interested in Ashley more than me. Maybe she'll get lucky tonight." 

In the kitchen, Jim refilled their glasses from one of the pitchers. He wasn't exactly sure what was in it, but it tasted good going down. After a few minutes of conversation with Ashley, he excused himself to go chat with a friend across the room. "I'll catch up with you later, if you don't leave." 

"Oh, I'm sure I'll be here for a while," Ashley said. 

With a smile and a tip of his head, Jim made his exit. Now that he has successfully completed the misdirection, it was time for the next part of the hunt. He wandered back into the main room, stopping to chat with Carlos, the friend who had invited him. As they talked, his eyes surveyed the room until he found Serena. She was chatting with a couple that he didn't know, not a good time to make his approach. He continued the conversation for a few minutes until he noticed the couple walk off and Ariana, the only other friend he knew at the party, approach Serena. "Bingo!" he thought, and proceeded to make his way over. 

"Ariana! I haven't seen you in ages!" Jim said as he walked up to the two women. His arms encircled Ariana in a big hug, being careful not to spill his drink. 

"It has been too long! I've been so busy, I just haven't been able to get out much," Ariana said. 

"I understand. Your work can get crazy!" 

"Fuck, that's an understatement if I ever heard one." 

"Yeah, that's why I left. I just couldn't take the craziness any longer. Doing my own thing has been so much more satisfying, and I get to set my own hours." 

"What do you do?" asked Serena. 

"Oh, Jim here used to work with me at the magazine, but he left about a year ago to be a freelance writer," Ariana answered for him. "We miss him, but mostly we are just envious." 

"What do you write?" Serena inquired. 

"Oh, a little bit of everything. I still write an article for the magazine from time to time, as well as a few others. I've worked on a few stories that I've published online and am working on a book. My lifestyle is pretty simple, so I don't have to work a lot to be comfortable. I like it that way. Work should never get in the way of enjoying the pleasures of life." Jim lifted his glass to the ladies before taking a sip. "Fine wine and beautiful women are much more fun," he said with a twinkle in his eye. 

Jim reached over and lightly touched Serena's arm. "Did you know this young lady is going to hook me up down at the liquor store?" he asked Ariana. 

"Really?" Ariana tilted her head. 

Serena froze for a moment, not knowing what to say. 

"Well she didn't SAY that, but I'm sure she won't be able to resist me when I come in." Jim bailed her out. 

Serena relaxed and Jim removed his hand after another brief moment. After another minute of conversation, Jim moved off again, touching her arm quickly as he departed. 

"Damn, his touch shouldn't do that to me," Serena thought as he moved away. She usually wasn't at a loss for words, as she got hit on plenty often at the liquor store and had learned how to verbally counter the lame attempts. But something about Jim just excited her. His carefree personality attracted her in a way most men didn't. She wished he had stayed and talked longer. 

Jim spent the next 15 minutes moving from group to group, but always keeping note of Serena's location. It was time for the next step. Sure enough, she soon headed toward the bathroom. He disengaged from his current conversation and slowly worked his way across the room. This time he wanted to catch her alone. His timing was perfect. She came out of the bathroom as he was walking by the door. He acted like he almost bumped into her. "Hey, watch out there. Don't just come barreling out of there even if you are empty now and need another fill up." 

She smiled, surprised to see him there. 

"You know, once you break the seal, it's over. You'll be visiting the bathroom all night now," Jim teased. 

"True, but I couldn't hang on any longer. Alcohol goes straight through me." 

"Well that means you need more then! Come on, let's get you another drink." 

"Sure, sounds good." 

Jim lightly touched the small of her back and guided her ahead of him toward the kitchen. 

"What'll it be, wine or some of this concoction from the pitcher?" Jim asked. "I don't know what it is but it tastes good, and feels good too." 

"I'll take some from the pitcher," Serena answered. 

"A woman that likes to be adventurous. I like that!" Jim responded. He poured a generous amount into a large glass. 

"Wow, are you trying to get me drunk?" Serena asked. 

"Maybe, maybe I am." Jim said. He leaned into her and whispered conspiratorially "Then I can whisk you off to one of the bedrooms and take advantage of you." 

His lips were just an inch from her ear. She could feel the hint of his breath, and it sent a tingle through her. "Oh, is that how you get the ladies?" 

"Of course! Don't you know that is every man's plan, get them drunk, then get them naked?" 

"I see," Serena replied with a raised eyebrow. "Do you follow that plan often?" 

"Actually, it is much more fun sober, or at least not drunk. Things don't work so well then, and I wouldn't want to disappoint," Jim answered. 

Jim hadn't moved away since stepping closer to whisper in her ear. He was just inside the normal space people give each other, not close enough to be intimidating, but close enough to be intimate. "So what is your strategy for getting men naked?" He slid a hand around her waist as he leaned in again to ask her. 

Serena could feel herself tremble from the touch. "What was this man doing to her? She wasn't usually like this, but there was just something about him..." 

She found herself stumbling for words, "I, uh, really don't have a strategy." 

"I find that hard to believe. A woman like you knows... knows what she does to men." He leaned in closer, his nose grazing her ear. "You drive men crazy. You are driving me crazy right now." 

Serena turned to look at him, her eyes meeting his from just a few inches away. She felt his breath against her face, the smell of his cologne, the intensity of his eyes. She knew she wanted him. And she knew he knew. 

He saw the moment of recognition in her eyes. He moved closer, his lips only a hair apart from hers. Taking the moment to pause, before traveling that last tiny distance to make contact. Her lips were soft and pliable as he kissed her. For a brief instant, she hesitated, and then relaxed and kissed him back. His arm pulled her closer to him, her breasts pushing into his chest. She felt the hand on her back slowly rubbing up and down. She mentally begged for it to go lower. If he knew she wanted that, he paid no attention. He reached behind her and set down the drink that was in his other hand onto the counter. Then, freed, the hand moved up to her face, caressing her cheek as they kissed. She could feel her temperature rising, her body beginning to awaken. 

His kiss became firmer, more insistent. She felt the tip of his tongue graze along her lips before disappearing again. His hands continued their work on her, the hand on her face sliding down to her neck and then behind her to pull her tighter into his embrace. Their lips moved against each other in a passionate dance. His body felt good against her. She hadn't been on a date in months, and the abstinence worked to fire her desire. 

"So where is that bedroom you mentioned earlier?" she asked as she broke their kiss. 

With a mischievous grin, he didn't say a word, but took her hand and led her out of the kitchen. During the time he was wandering around chatting with people, he had taken the opportunity to slip down the hall. Around a corner he had discovered a guest room, the door unseen from the partiers. They didn't notice as Jim and Serena slyly snuck along that hall now. 

Jim closed the door behind them and once again took her into his arms. There was no holding back though. He pulled her tightly to him and kissed her like a man who hadn't had a woman in years. His right hand roamed up and down her back, and finally down to cup her ass. "Magnificent!" he thought. He moved his left hand to her shoulder and along her arm, lightly caressing. 

"My God, I want you!" he said as he gazed into her eyes. Serena was too impatient to wait, reaching up and pulling his face to hers. Her lips pushed frantically against his. He could tell she was ready to move the activities along, so let his tongue begin to play with her lips. When Serena felt this, she spread her lips to let him enter. Their tongues mingled playfully, then more urgently. Jim's right hand was massaging her ass while his left hand slid back up to her shoulder and then to her neck.  

Serena felt her body responding to Jim's touch, a warmth beginning to spread over her. She had never been this impulsive before when it came to sex. She usually went on a least a couple of dates before going this far, but there was just something about Jim that overcame her resistance. She wanted him. She needed him. Now. 

Serena's left hand slid down Jim's side to his thigh, pausing there to rub against his pants, then slowly creeping to the front. "Holy shit! Feel how hard he already is!" she thought. Her fingers grazed the bulge she felt and her body took an involuntary pause as it registered. He wasn't just hard. He was rock hard. She moved her hand further along, feeling his entire length. He wasn't huge, but he certainly had enough to make her happy. She felt it twitch under her touch, making her almost giggle. 

Jim sensed her amusement and decided to take advantage of it. His left hand quickly slid down to cup her breast as his right hand squeezed her butt check and pulled her firmly against him, trapping her hand against his cock. He then slightly rocked his hips against her so that her hand was rubbing it. He broke the kiss to catch his breath, and to look into her eyes for a response. He saw an intensity there that he had not come across often. Smiling inwardly, he held the gaze as he moved his hand to slip the dress of her shoulder. She didn't break eye contact, but moved her arm to let the dress strap slide easily down. 

Jim continued, slipping the other strap off as well. With both of his hands on her arms, he no longer forced the contact between them, but you couldn't tell from the way Serena reacted. She didn't budge, if anything pushing closer. Jim had stopped rocking his hips while starting to remove her dress, but the rubbing of his cock continued, but not from his motion. This was all Serena, wantonly rubbing her palm against the length of his shaft. His mouth twitched ever so slightly at the pressure, bringing a smirk to Serena's face. 

"You like that huh?" she asked. 

He didn't say a word, but moved his mouth to her neck, kissing and nibbling. His hands worked the straps off her arms, causing her to remove her hand from his cock in order to let the strap slide off. Any disappointment he felt quickly evaporated when he felt her hand go to his belt. She moved her other hand there to help, creating a gap between their bodies. Jim quickly capitalized on the space and grasped the front of Serena's dress, slowly pulling it down to her waist. Her pink, lacy bra kept her breasts at bay, but just. He looked down from his kissing to see what he had uncovered. He decided to waste no more time and went straight for the bra clasp. The fasteners barely gave him pause before the bra fell loose. He moved back a few inches and slid his hands to the front of Serena's body. 

Serena's hands hadn't been idle during this. She now had his belt unbuckled and was unfastening his pants. She was as excited to have him naked before her as she was to be naked before him. She shrugged her body slightly, letting the dress drop to the floor. Her bra, unfastened now, fell away from her breasts, the material rubbing lightly against her nipples giving her a slight tingle. 

Jim slid the bra straps from her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor as well. He paused for a moment and took a step back. While not wanting to interrupt Serena's progress, he wanted to take in what he had unwrapped. "You are fucking amazing!" he said in a hushed, almost reverent voice. Serena blushed at the compliment, then stepped forward to kiss him. He embraced her again, kissing her tenderly, yet passionately. Her hands went back to work, this time pulling up his shirt. With a little cooperation from Jim, it quickly slid up over his head and to the floor. He went back to kissing her neck, giving her an opportunity to finish what she had started a couple of minutes ago, but now felt like years. He longed to feel her hand on his cock. 

Realizing that Jim was leaving room for her to operate, Serena finished unfastening his pants and pulled down his zipper. His cock strained against his underwear. She could feel a damp spot where he had already begun to leak precum. She slid her hand inside the waistband, along his pelvis, until she encountered his cock. "Mmmm, nice," she mumbled as she softly wrapped her fingers around it. She felt it jump in her hand as she grasped it, slowly massaged it with her fingers, applying slight pressure while squeezing. 

Jim moved both of his hands to Serena's breasts. He cupped them, using the palm of his hands to rub against her nipples. Already at attention, this sent a shiver through her body. Her nipples had always been very sensitive, so it didn't take much attention to raise the level of pleasure. She breathed deeply, effectively pushing her breasts against Jim's hands. Her own hand paused for just a moment in its work down below. 

Seeing how she responded, Jim used his fingers to lightly tease and tweak Serena's nipples, even gently pulling on them. She could swear the temperature in the room had risen 10 degrees instantly. Deciding she wanted more freedom of movement, she let go of Jim's cock, grasped his pants and underwear, and pushed them to the floor in a quick movement. Jim usually wore shoes that slipped off easily, and they came in handy now as he stepped out of them the same time he did his clothes. Since she had to bend down to do this, she found herself on eye level with his cock. "Yeah, why not. No reason to wait any longer," she said to herself. 

Leaning forward she engulfed him in one quick movement. Not expecting it, Jim's knees almost gave way. He looked down to see his cock buried in Serena's mouth. "Fuck!" Jim exclaimed. "That feels great!" The warm wetness of her mouth covered him, her tongue rolling beneath his shaft. She could feel the head just touching her throat as her lips reached the root of his cock. "Perfect size," she confirmed to herself. She slowly pulled back, keeping contact on the shaft as it slid between her lips. When only the head was in, she stopped to let her tongue do its magic. She flicked the tip of her tongue around the head, just under the ridge, paying extra attention to the back side. She knew that was a particularly sensitive part. The moans coming from him affirmed her work. 

Watching Serena bob back and forth on his dick, Jim knew he couldn't take much of that without embarrassing himself. He put his hands on her head to slow her down. When she looked up at him, he said, "My turn baby." 

He pulled her up and guided her over to the edge of the bed, forcefully pushing her down onto her back. He stood above her, admiring her body. Taking a foot in his hand, he removed one shoe, then swapping feet, removed the other. Dropping to his knees, he slipped his head between her legs. He could see wetness on her pink panties. "How appropriate," he thought. "Pink on the outside and on the inside." He kissed along her thigh, licking his way up. As he approached the V of her legs, he moved across to the other leg, doing the same thing in reverse down to her knee. He slid his hands along the outside of her legs, caressing her softly and slowly as he nuzzled his face against her inner thigh. 
