 The following is a work of fiction. All characters are at least 18 years of age. 

*

"There she goes again, looking at her neighbor's paper! She is so obvious. She has to be the worst cheater ever. Now she is looking at me and acting nervous. If she looks at her neighbor again, I am taking her exam away," Joe thought to himself as he sat at his desk, pretending to grade the previous period's final exam. Hailey, the student in question, was sitting a mere three rows back and her nervous eyes kept darting to, and then staring at, her neighbor's paper.

Out of the corner of his eye, Joe saw Hailey check to make sure he wasn't looking, and then obviously look at her neighbor's desk while she feverishly copied down their answers.

Joe stood up, buttoned his jacket, calmly walked over and grabbed Hailey's paper without saying a word. He then walked to the back of the classroom nonchalantly. He could feel her angry stare on the back of his head.

He stopped at the back of the room, turned on the heel of his black leather dress shoe and surveyed his class. Forty or so high school seniors were sweating to finish their chemistry final exams. He saw Hailey slouched in her desk, twirling a strand of her long, wavy red hair while with the other hand she defiantly scribbled on her desk.

"I will have to have her clean the desk after class as well," he thought as he strode to the front of the class.

It made him feel good to catch cheaters. It was a constant challenge, and he loved it. He was damn good at it too. He cheated in high school quite successfully, so he knew all of the tricks of the trade. The cheat sheets written on skin, the stolen glances at papers, and now the constant attempt to look at a cell phone; he could spot all of these feeble attempts from a mile away.

He walked back to his desk and continued to grade more final exams. He ignored Hailey completely. He would let her stew on her indiscretion. At the end of class, he would see if she chose to come clean or lie. He couldn't stand the kids that continued to lie even when they were caught red-handed. He respected the ones that knew they made a mistake and confessed to it. He usually went easy on those that showed some contrition. But the ones that lied to him? He would do everything in his power to make them pay.

He thought that Hailey would be one of the ones that denied cheating and possibly even display defiance. She seemed like the type that always got her way. She appeared to be pretty well-off. She always seemed to have a new outfit on that appeared to be stylish and of the highest quality. And let's face it, she was very attractive; downright beautiful, to state the obvious.

Redheads can go one of two ways. They are either rather weird looking and unattractive, or they can be some of the most attractive individuals on the planet. And the really good looking ones seem to hold some kind of power. In the past, some people believed that redheads were witches. Joe wondered if these hot gingers didn't have some witch blood in them.

Hailey was of the hot category. She was around 5'10" and had amazing legs that she loved to show off. She must have looked forward to every warm day in southern California so that she could wear either tiny shorts and amazingly short skirts. Joe had to make a conscious effort not to ogle at the shapely outline of her toned legs. She was thin, but not rail-thin. All the school's coaches tried to get her to try out for sports, but she never got involved in any of them. 

She swam for a bit, but then dropped from the team because the time commitment was too great. She had nice hips and breasts that looked like they had matured much earlier than the rest of her. They were fairly large; if Joe was to guess, he would estimate that they were a C cup. But what was so mesmerizing was how perky they were for their size. This was a feat that only a high school girl's breasts could accomplish. She loved to show them off with swooping necklines or tight t-shirts.

She also had a very cute face, with plump red lips that stood out from her fair skin, gorgeous green eyes and a perfect nose. The way her fiery red hair flowed around her was as if it were alive. She could have been a model or a movie star.

But her attractiveness went beyond normal dimensions. There was just something about her. Her face always had a look on it as if she knew something that no one else in the world knew. Joe thought of her as a poor student, as her grades in his class were always among the bottom rung. She had a mischievous look on her face most of the time, and there was something else to it. There was an underlying sexuality to all of her expressions. Maybe it was just Joe's dirty imagination, but he could swear that she was dripping in sexuality. 

Now this little witch had been caught cheating, and she would be failing his class because of it. He decided that if she was very contrite, he might offer a compromise. Perhaps he would let her retake a harder final at a later date. But that would depend on how she addressed this transgression.

As the bell rang and all of the students left for lunch, Hailey remained seated at her desk. She was wearing a blue sundress that ended about halfway down her thigh. She was sitting with her legs crossed, back straight, and was tapping her pencil feverishly. He definitely didn't think that she was going to fess up to her cheating.

Displaying her expected defiance, she angrily asked "Can I finish my test now?"

Oh no, he was not going to let her dictate this exchange. He slowly got up, brushed off his wool pants, straightened his tie and walked over to her desk ignoring the question. He slowly sat down in the desk to her side.

Re-capturing control of the situation, Joe coolly inquired "Why did I take your test away, Hailey?" This was not his first rodeo.

Reacting dismissively, Hailey said, "I don't know. Can I just finish it?" Her face showed irritation but no other emotion.

"No, you can't. I took your test away because you were looking at Shelly's paper. And that is a violation of the ethics policy at this school." He was careful not to accuse her of cheating. He was merely relating what he had seen.

"No I wasn't. I was just working on my test." She crossed her arms under her ample chest defiantly. She was breathing more heavily now and Joe had to be careful not to stare at her cleavage. It was a difficult task because it looked as if her nipple might pop out of her top at any moment. And her creamy skin was making Joe's mind race with the most inappropriate ideas.

"Well, I saw you repeatedly look at her test and then copy down answers. And I bet if we take a look at your test and hers, all of the answers will be identical. Either way, I know what I saw so now it is between you and your counselor." The blood suddenly drained from Hailey's face when he said that.

"Shit," Hailey muttered under her breath. She was caught and needed a way out.

"What happens now?" Her face had changed again. Now, she had put on her "sad, innocent face" as she tried to figure out her next move. This was the face she used on her parents when she knew that they were going to punish her. It always worked on them. It never failed to mitigate her punishment.

"Well, I will have to give you a zero on the final, write you an office referral for cheating, and then the rest is up to you and your counselor."

"But! But! If I get a zero on the final, I won't pass!" Her face began to show signs of panic. "And if I don't pass, then my college will rescind their acceptance."

"Well, all actions have consequences young lady, and it is time you dealt with yours. Hopefully what you take away from this is that you will never cheat again." Joe always tried to get them to see his point of view when he was about to punish his students.

"Please, Mr. Thompson, don't give me a zero! I will do anything if you just let me retake the test!"

"I am sorry, Hailey. Rules are rules and actions have consequences." He stood up and she followed his lead. But then she surprised him. She stepped close, her face less than a foot from his own.

"Please Mr. Thompson," she pleaded with him. "I can't fail your class." A vision of her life falling apart was starting to snowball in her head. Her parents would kill her for failing. They would probably take away her car. Her dream school would pull her admission. She couldn't let this happen, but what could she do? How could she get Mr. Thompson to reconsider? Well, how did she usually get her way? She usually could walk all over men. An idea popped into her head. It was drastic, but she was desperate.

"Please, Mr. Thompson. Isn't there anything I could do?" She pleaded.

She batted her eyelashes at him and tried to make her most seductive face.

"I am sorry Hailey, but there is nothing that you can do. What is done is done." His mind was becoming cloudy with inappropriate thoughts, but he quickly pushed them away.

She wasn't giving up that easily. She put her hands together as if she was praying, and leaned forward a bit trying to show off as much cleavage as possible. "Please Mr. Thompson, this would ruin my life. Isn't there anything I could do?" She licked her lips and stared at him with such powerful lust that he could feel his cock stir.

"It is not going to ruin your life Hailey. Just take a lesson from this, and you will be stronger in the end." He tried step past her and walk to the door, but she grabbed his hand and crept in close. 

Her voice dropped down to a seductive whisper. "Please, Mr. Thompson. I will do anything and I mean anything" she whispered into his ear as she suddenly placed her hand on the front of his trousers. "I can make you feel so good, Mr. Thompson," Hailey breathed in his ear as she rubbed the bulge that was his penis

"Hailey, please!" he protested, but he couldn't pull away. She had trapped him up against a desk.

"It's okay, Mr. Thompson. I turned eighteen three weeks ago. Remember when I came in with all of the balloons?" She continued to rub his growing cock. Staring him lustfully in the eye now, she bit her lower lip seductively. "All actions have consequences. I can help you out with this little problem and you can help me with mine." She could feel his cock now growing rapidly under her caressing hand. 

"Hailey, stop," although his protest did not carry much conviction.

Before he knew what was happening she had his trousers undone and had thrust her hand inside.

The feeling of her cool, soft hand on his hot, hard cock was amazing. He glanced at the door, knowing it was locked just like he always kept it. Next his eyes darted to the clock. It would be thirty minutes before his next class would arrive, he quickly calculated. Then he looked at Hailey with her red locks half covering her face as she looked at him with her sensuous eyes and licked her lips.

If anyone found out, he would be fired for sure. There was no way in the world any school would ever hire him again. But how would anyone find out? The door was locked and even if Hailey spilled the beans, it would just be her word against his, and fuck, her hand felt so good on his cock. How could he possibly resist this young vixen?

Here he was; a good looking forty-two year old man who prided himself on staying in shape and dressing well for work every day, having this gorgeous redheaded eighteen year old with her hand in his pants. He had always secretly fantasized about having sex with some of his students, but had never imagined acting on those fantasies.

Lately, his marriage was lackluster at best. He couldn't remember the last time he had sex with his wife. Even when they did have sex, it was a vanilla session in which his wife would just lay there while he fucked her until he came. What a waste it was to be in such good shape and never to have a woman enjoy his body. As this young woman stroked his cock, he realized that his wife had never lustfully plunged her hand into his pants, and the aggressive act was very appealing to him.

"Please, Mr. Thompson. I can make you feel so good, and then we can forget this stupid cheating incident." She continued to stroke his cock in his pants.

Her face was right on his ear now, and he could feel her hot breath on him, sending tingles down his spine.

"Just let me take care of you, and we both can be winners," she continued with her temptation, whispering in his ear. Then before he could say anything, she pulled his cock out from its stuffy confines. She took a big breath of air at the sight of his thick member and even squealed a bit. She put her lips up against his ear again.

"God, it is magnificent, Mr. Thompson! Just like I imagined it, as I undressed you with my eyes every time you lectured our class. Didn't you ever wonder why a smart girl like me did so poorly in your class? I was too busy undressing you in my head. I always tried to imagine what your cock looked like under your dress slacks."

She continued to stroke his cock as she whispered in his ear. A gob of pre-cum glistened on his tip.

"You are always the best dressed teacher at this school. Every day with your ties, fitted shirts, and wool pants. Do you know how many of your students go home and play with their little pussies, plunging their fingers and toys into their sloppy wet cunts, thinking of you every night?"

She continued to slowly stroke his cock with a firm grip. It felt so hot on her cool skin. He was speechless. His pants had fallen halfway down his thighs. His thick cock stood out and was stroked by her nimble hand. He didn't have the faintest clue as to what to do or say. He had gone from being totally in control of the situation to being unable to even speak.

Hailey couldn't believe what she was doing either, but she loved the control she felt she was gaining. She had done this before but it was just with random boys at parties. She would stroll up to them, rub their cock through their pants and they would do anything that she asked of them. But this was different; this was her teacher. The forbidden nature of what she was doing turned her on immensely. It was a feeling of power, and it was intoxicating.

"I'll bet you've fantasized about this for a long time, Mr. Thompson," she said as she stared him in the eye.

He thought about what he would do if he lost his job, but then his sexual frustration rushed to the front of his mind as he tried to remember when the last time he had sex with his wife. They had become more like roommates than husband and wife in the last five or six years. Damn, he needed this!

"I bet that when you jerk off, you close your eyes and imagine some pretty student wrapping her lips around this big cock," Hailey teased.

His mind was abuzz. He couldn't risk his job for a few minutes of fun. But he was already getting his cock stroked by a student. And what if he did lose his job? Fuck, it was not like they were paying him a fortune or anything. If he lost his job, maybe it would be for the best. He could finally "man up", leave his wife and move away to Hawaii, where they were desperate for teachers. He could train hard and finally compete in an Ironman event. Besides, if he stopped her now, she would get angry and probably try to blackmail him into giving her a good grade anyway. Why not take advantage of this situation?

"OK Hailey, it's a deal. But don't forget who is in charge here. I am your teacher, and this is your punishment." 

"Take down the top of your dress, Hailey. I want to see those perky eighteen year old tits that you have been teasing me with all year long."

She looked up at him with a facial expression he just couldn't place, and then she smiled. She looked down at her chest, then back up at him.

"Yes, Mr. Thompson. Of course I will show you my tits," suddenly thrilled with exhibiting herself to her teacher. She had used her body to manipulate many boys in her time, but he was different; he was a man. He was not turning into a quivering mound of flesh like the others did when she manipulated them with sex. Deep down, she realized that she was turned on by his firm authority, and the thought of getting naked in front of him was intoxicating.

She let her thin straps fall from her shoulders, exposing her perky white mounds. They had to be at least a C cup, yet they just stood in defiance of gravity. "Of course she isn't wearing a bra," he thought.

Her pink nipples were not yet erect, but he knew that wouldn't last long. Her areolas were a very light pink hue and puffy. He couldn't wait to suck on her perfect globes.

"You like these big perky tits, don't you Mr. Thompson?" she said as she pinched her hardening nipples. It was arousing for her to play the "dirty girl" role with an adult for once. She usually acted so innocent with them, and saved her naughty side for boys.

"When was the last time that you got to suck on eighteen year old tits? You know that you can't wait to play with them." She tried to get some sense of control back.

His eyes were drinking in the sight of her gorgeous breasts, and he reached out his big hand instinctively and stroked the smooth flesh of her young breast. The touch caused her to shudder with pleasure. They stood silently as he manipulated her exposed breast. He was getting so turned on seeing this half naked eighteen year old ginger in front of him. He needed some release, so he put his large hands on her tiny shoulders and firmly pushed her down to her knees.

"Suck my dick now, Hailey. Pay for your little cheating incident," he commanded as he stood straight up with his hands on his hips. It felt so strange to use his authority in such a sexual nature, but it was also so exhilarating.

"Yes, Mr. Thompson." She looked up sheepishly at the large cock before her. She had always been in control of her previous sexual situations, and having someone else take the lead so forcefully was a huge turn-on. She felt her pussy burn with desire. She licked her lips and wrapped her mouth around its massive head. "Fuck!" was all she could think. She had never had anything this big in her mouth. The excitement of the new experience made her little cunt leak.

She relaxed a bit and stretched her mouth around him. God, the earthy scent of his cock was so arousing to her, and the feeling of its velvety skin against her tongue was invigorating. Slowly, she took more of him into her mouth until she hit the back of her throat. She quickly pulled him out and caught her breath. She tried again and this time his hands found the back of her head. He wrapped his fingers in her red wavy hair roughly.

"Come on, Hailey. You can do better than that. If you are going to pass my course, you will have to try harder than that. Show me just how slutty you can be for me to try to make up for cheating."

"Slutty? Slutty! How dare he," she initially thought to herself. She had never been talked to in such a way. Yet the idea of being a slut, a purely sexual being, grew on her and turned her on. As she took him in her mouth again, she was now determined to get more of his massive tool in her mouth. She was going to show him exactly how big of a slut she could be.

It was difficult, but she got about a third of him in her mouth when suddenly she felt his hand push her head hard onto his cock. It slid in further but then gagged her, causing her eyes to tear up. She tried to pull back, but he kept the pressure for a millisecond. Just as she began to panic, he pulled her off his cock.

"Better, Hailey. You just have to relax your throat a bit. Is this the biggest dick you have ever tried to shove down your throat?" he asked as he stroked his cock in front of her her lips. He could feel the warmth of her breath on his sensitive tip. He was beginning to relish his position of power.

Hailey nodded slowly. "It's just so thick Mr. Thompson. I don't know if I can take it."
