 When I was a child I was an obnoxious little brat. The sort of kid you wanted to slap silly as soon as you saw him. Then I hit puberty and as a teenager I was no longer an obnoxious little brat. I had graduated to being an obnoxious asshole. 

Still, maturing is an ongoing process. By the time I hit sixteen I was only your average asshole, and when I hit eighteen my asshole days were behind me. Quite frankly, I had matured into a responsible adult, even if my reputation was still a bit whiffy. One thing in my favour, I'd never been in any legal trouble. Probably more by good fortune than good sense, but where the police were concerned I was good as gold. The assholery I could live down. A police record would have been harder.

A couple of things that probably contributed to my maturation were a pair of hobbies I started seriously working on in my early teens. One was martial arts, and it's a great way to learn self-control and have your ass kicked if you're too much of an asshole. I know I started working on not being quite such a lowlife when Sensai bounced me all around the dojo as a warning.

The second hobby was gymnastics. I was agile and fast with great reflexes and I liked to exercise. What I was not, by any stretch of the imagination, was a team player, which sort of knocked team games on the head. So I became a gymnast. Quite a good one, too.

Shortly after I turned eighteen I fronted up to school early one day. I had this arrangement with the coach that I could go to the gym before school and practice on the gymnastics equipment, and I tended to go several times a week.

So there I was on the uneven bars, doing a handstand on the upper bar with my body parallel to the ground, seeing how long I could hold it. 

That's when the girls netball team came wandering in. Apparently they also had a practice session lined up. I figured that they'd vanish into their change-room to get their uniforms on and when they did I'd drop down and vanish into the men's change room. 

It was obvious that was their intention but it turned out that the change-room was locked. Their coach checked the key-safe on the wall between the change-room doors but it seemed that the key wasn't there. The girls dithered for a moment and I expected their coach to send someone to the office for a spare key. Nope. She had a better idea.

"The hell with it," she grumbled. "We'll get changed here. Margaret, you keep watch at the door to make sure no-one comes in while we're changing." 

A bit late. I was already in. For a moment I was prepared to let them start stripping off, as it would be a real fun view. Unfortunately, my mature non-asshole self wouldn't let me.

"Excuse me, ladies, but I think you'll find that that is not a good idea," I called.

I have quite a nice baritone and when I project a little my voice rings out quite loudly. A couple of the girls had already started to take their tops off, and they reversed directions very smartly. (Damn it.)

Then the fun started.

"Who's that?" someone called out. They were all looking around trying to see who had spoken, but their eyes were looking at ground level. They just couldn't spot me.

"Me," I said helpfully.

"Where are you?" came a frustrated query. I could sense the unspoken 'the fuck' that wanted to tuck itself behind the where.

"Here," I said. A reply they found monumentally unhelpful, as they were still looking at ground level and my voice echoed a little so they couldn't pin-point where it was coming from.

"And where is here?" came a dulcet query.

"On the bars," I said, and they all turned to look at the bars. Damned if they weren't all as blind as bats. I released my hand stand, dropping down onto the top bar, did a fast spin that flipped me to the lower bar and then did a full body flip that tossed me into the air. I somersaulted in the air and came down facing them, arms spread and bowing slightly. It was a perfect dismount and I must have appeared to have just dropped down out of the sky from the squeaks and squeals.

I strolled over to the key-safe. It was reasonably high on the wall and the coach was a little on the short side. None of the girls were actually towering giants, come to think of it. I reached on top of the key-safe and felt around, hand closing on a key. (I'd spotted something there from my position on the high-bar.)

"This is probably what you wanted," I said, "but if anyone cares to get undressed here. . ." I added hopefully.

No-one did. Someone snatched the key from me and then they were all piling into the change-room. As they were vanishing Peggy, the captain of the net-ball team paused for a moment. Nice young woman, Peggy. She was also captain of the cheerleading squad for the football. Eighteen and very nicely endowed.

"Thank you," she said. "If you'd stayed silent it could have been embarrassing for us. That was a gentlemanly thing to do."

I grinned and shrugged, sort of indicating what else could I do. She smiled back, flicked a glance over her shoulder to see if anyone was watching, and flashed me. She did, I swear. She just hoisted up her top, pulling her bra up with it, and showed me her breasts, all white and glowing with little pink tips.

I had just enough time to comprehend and appreciate what was on display and then her top was on its way back down.

"Well, damn," I said softly, while she grinned like a loon. "You do realise that this means I'm going to have to find some way to cut you out of the pack so I can ravish you, don't you?"

"You're welcome to try," she said, "but it ain't going to happen."

Then the door closed behind her and I went and got changed myself. 

- - -

I contemplated the situation. I was fairly sure that if I managed to get Peggy alone she would only put up a token struggle before allowing her panties to fall off. Would that satisfy me? I wasn't sure. I decided to explore a bit further and see what might eventuate.

That evening I checked out Peggy's place. Her parents owned an old two storey house and I knew which room was Peggy's. On the upper floor, naturally. The advantage of older hoses was that they had older trees, and older trees are climbable trees, especially for a gymnast.

When it got dark it was simplicity itself to run up the tree and cross over to Peggy's room. It was fortunate that the window wasn't closed. I was inside and no-one had noticed. I just relaxed on a chair she had and waited. Seeing it was another school-day tomorrow I suspected that Peggy wouldn't be staying up too late.

It was almost ten when Peggy came up. She barged into the room, flicking on the light. 

"Please don't scream," I said quietly, and she damn near did.

She went a little pale when she saw me sitting there. I suspect wild fears about rape were starting to float through her mind.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded. "How did you get in? I think you'd better go before I do scream."

I remained in the chair, holding myself still and trying to look harmless.

"Up the tree and through the window," I explained. "You really should keep your window locked. Attend to that in the future. As to why I'm here, I was just curious to see how far you'll push your teasing."

"What is that supposed to mean?" she asked, suspicious.

"Well, this morning you let me catch a glimpse of a very lovely pair of breasts. Unfortunately, I didn't see them for long enough. I figured that if I was here when you're ready to go to bed then there was a good chance that you might get ready for bed while I watched. Uh, I considered it would be unsporting to watch from the tree. I wanted you to do it knowing I'm watching. That's all. As soon as you get changed I'll be gone."

She just looked at as though I'd taken leave of my senses.

"Do you really think I'll get changed while you're here watching?" she asked.

"I gave it a sixty percent chance," I told her. "And it will only be watching. I won't be trying to touch you or anything. Not tonight, anyway."

"Not tonight?" she asked.

"Not tonight means that there will be another time. After all, I will need to be able to touch you sometime in the future if I'm going to be trapping you for a little ravishment. For tonight I just want to look at future delights."

She looked at me dubiously.

"There is not going to be another time. I'm not going to let you ravish me. And if you try to lay even one finger on me tonight I will scream the house down."

"I swear, not as much as a little finger," I assured her. She was going to undress for me, and we both knew it. She couldn't resist the chance to flaunt her body a little.

Still watching me out of the corner of her eye she started undoing her blouse. I just sat and watched, letting my admiration show on my face. Blouse and then bra came off, and she was standing sideways to make sure I got a good view. Then she turned towards me for a second for a nice frontal before turning her back to me.

With her back to me her jeans came off, and there was an interesting sight, watching her wriggle her bottom back and forth as she pried them down. I was tempted to ask her if I could give her a hand but decided that would be inappropriate.

Her jeans finally off, she slid her panties down, keeping her back to me. A very nice bottom, I decided, and I also appreciated the small flash of pussy I saw when she leaned over slightly.

She was reaching for fresh underwear when I spoke up.

"Uh-uh," I said quietly. "No cheating."

She glanced over at me, looking indignant.

"What do you mean, cheating?"

"Just that. Before you put anything else on you turn around and face me."

She glared at me, but she also straightened up and turned to face me, holding herself proudly. She had a lot to be proud of, I decided.

"Very nice," I said softly, letting her see that my eyes were busy. "Very nice indeed."

It was quite possible that I was seeing more than she realised. Little things, like the fact that her nipples were erect. She was breathing harder than was warranted as well. Also, standing as she was with her legs slightly parted I could see through the gap between her thighs. With her mons clean shaven there was nothing to shield her from my sight and her labia were a bit too pronounced for a girl just getting changed. Her stripping had arousing her and standing there naked while I admired her wasn't hurting that arousal.

I slowly stood up and I could see her tensing, waiting for me to reach out and touch her. Would she let me or would she panic? Probably let me, while protesting.

"Thank you," I said, moving over towards the window. "Just remember, I still intend to get you alone sometime."

She was looking confused and irritated and a little frustrated the last I saw of her, apparently reluctant to believe that I would keep my word and not touch. Then I was out the window and dropping through the tree to the ground and gone. Her window slammed and her blind came down. And I was willing to bet that her window was now locked.

- - -

I had a stroke of luck the next day. It was pure chance that I was driving past the school just after the cheerleaders had finished their practice. There was Peggy and another cheerleader, Marie, walking along in the general direction of Peggy's place. I pulled up alongside. I vaguely knew Marie. She lived near Peggy.

"Afternoon, ladies," I said genially. "I'll be driving past your places. Care for a lift."

They stopped and looked at me. Marie grinned at me. 

"I'm not going home right now so I'll pass. Peggy might, though."

She gave a cheery wave and went on her way while Peggy gave me a dubious look.

"If I get in the car will you take me home or try to take me somewhere else?" she asked.

"Straight home with no detours," I assured her.

"And you won't be making me take off any clothing?"

"I'd be delighted if you saw fit to tease me a bit but it's not a condition of the lift."

"And you'll keep your hands to yourself?"

"On the steering wheel the entire way."

She still looked a little suspicious but I could see her running the questions through her mind and deciding she'd covered all bases. She hopped in and put on her seatbelt.

I started off, in no great hurry.

"Are you going to tease me by slipping off your panties, perchance?"

"No," was the giggled reply.

"Pity," I said. "It occurred to me that I was being a trifle unfair."

"No. Really? In what way?"

"Well, I've seen your body and a very nice body it is. However, I haven't reciprocated. Feel free to undo my zip and see what I've got."

I saw her eyes flash towards my groin and the bulge there was indicative that I had at least a partial erection. Then she quickly looked away.

"No way," she said, still with a touch of a giggle in her voice.

"Um, why not? It's only fair seeing I've seen you. All you need to do is unzip, reach in and haul it out to the light so you can check out your spoils."

"Come on, be serious," came the dismissive reply.

"OK. If you're nervous about it we'll just forget about it. For now."

"I'm not nervous about it. You're just saying that so I'll prove I'm not by doing it."

"True. Is it working or are you too scared?"

"I'm not scared and no, it's not working."

"One truth and one lie," I murmured.

"What?"

"I'll admit you're not scared, but my teasing is working. You want to unzip me just to show me but feel that you shouldn't."

"You can be a real asshole at times," Peggy snapped.

"Eh?" I said startled. "I thought I wasn't an asshole any longer. I've been consideration itself."

"Don't kid yourself," Peggy muttered.

She gave a sigh then reached out and unzipped me. She hesitated then her hand dipped into the open fly and latched onto my cock, pulling it out.

I had expected her to let it go at that stage but I was in error. When she took hold of it I was only half erect. Now that it was out and held in a young woman's dainty hand it was stirring and straightening, stretching out and making a muscular display. 

Peggy just held it, apparently fascinated with the way it was moving and growing while she watched. To my horror, when it was fully erect she started stoking it.

"Peggy, unless you want to kill us, don't do that while I'm driving," I said hoarsely. 

She giggled, drawing her hand away to my immense relief and disappointment. 

"I can see why you'd want to show it off," she said softly, "but if you think I'm going to let that thing anywhere near my pussy, you're insane."

I looked at her for a second.

"You're not a virgin, are you?" I asked.

"What's it to you? It won't make any difference to you."

"Yes, it will. It will kill me if I have to take you dead slowly so as not to outrage your virginal sensitivities." 

"Well, you won't have to. I'm not exactly a virgin."

I must have made a sound of satisfaction because she suddenly reviewed what she'd said. 

"That doesn't mean that I'm going to let you, either," she hastily added. "Tell me, you do know I have a boyfriend, right?"

"Yes, I know that. That's what makes this so awkward. I can't just invite you out on a date and then take unconscionable advantage of you. You're just looking at me as someone to tease, even though you know I'll catch you sooner or later."

"In your dreams," came the soft reply, a smirk on her lips.

Slowly though I'd driven we were at her house and I had to pull up. Peggy undid her belt and was reaching for the door when I stopped her.

"Really, Peggy, manners," I said gently. "Weren't you told to put things away after playing with them?"

I got an amused look and she carefully tried to pull my trousers back around my erection. Then she sighed as she found that wasn't going to work, took a firm hold of my cock and managed to jam it away and zipped me up while I screamed.

"What's wrong," squealed Peggy, half upset, half amused. "Did I catch you in the zip, I hope?"

"You ripped out a number of hairs with that damn zipper," I muttered.

Wretched woman laughed outright.

"Could have been worse. There was a big target there, after all."

I glared at her and she was still giggling as she got out of the car. She blew me a kiss and I drove off.

- - - 

I went to see the game on Saturday. Just because I don't want to play it doesn't mean I can't appreciate the skills of other people playing it. And, of course, the cheerleaders were always worth watching, whether we win or lose.

Then banner went up in front of the gate for the players to run through, and they got their timing wrong. A couple of cheerleaders were crossing in front of the banner when the team came running through it - and them. Knocked the pair of them flying. They both bounced to their feet fast enough, but one immediately returned to ground level. She got up again carefully with some help from a couple of others, one leg lifted, barely touching the ground.

She was dumped on a litter and trotted off back through the gate. I was watching the others, trying to spot Peggy, finding her missing. I swore to myself, suspecting I knew where she was.

I eased out of my seat and headed towards the first aid room. Reaching it I found Peggy in the recovery area, sitting down with a bandaged ankle and looking sorry for herself.

"How bad is it, Peggy," I asked her sympathetically. 

She looked up at me with a wry smile.

"Just twisted," she explained. "I have to keep off it for twenty-four hours and then take it easy for a couple of days."

"Rough luck. What are you going to do now?"

"I suppose I'll just have to wait here until after the game. Then a couple of the squad can help me get changed and I'll get a lift home."

"Tell you what. Me being such a nice chap and full of consideration for others and not an asshole like some people infer, I'll give you a hand."

"And just what do you propose to do?" she asked suspiciously.

"I'll help you to the change-room and then help you change. My car is here so I can then drive you home. Save you having to wait around all the time."

"You'll come into the girls change-room and help me get changed?" she said sceptically.

"Why not? It's not as though I'd be peeking at something I haven't already seen."

"True," she said sweetly, "but somehow I can't see you keeping your hands to yourself. I suspect you'd take advantage of the situation. You'd probably wind up trying to rape me."

"Now don't be so paranoid. Let me demonstrate something to you. Can you stand with the help of that crutch?"

Peggy looked at me, shrugged, and stood up, leaning slightly on the crutch.

"Very good," I said. "Now slip your panties down for a second."

"What?!"

"Don't worry. It'll only be for a moment. I'll even help you pull them back up."

"Why would I do that?"

"Because you're curious about what I'm going to demonstrate," I said smiling.

She looked at me, breathing a little harder. Then, with a quick glance around to make sure there was no-one else around, she slid her free hand up under her uniform skirt and tugged down her panties. Both pair. The modest ones that the crowd would see when she was bouncing around the field and her real ones. They didn't go down far, but they did go down.

"There, you see," I said, lifting up the front of the skirt and lightly touching her slit. "You know damn well that I want to make love to you but you still took down your panties when I told you to. You're going to let me but just don't want to say so out loud."

With that I tugged her panties back up.

Peggy was red-faced and glaring at me. 

"Now instead of standing there fuming, what say I borrow one of the wheelchairs and take you around to the change-room."

I walked over to where the wheelchairs were and grabbed one, bringing it up to her. She looked at it, at me, sighed, and sat. 

"Not going to happen," I heard her mutter as I wheeled her away after leaving a note for the attendant to let them know she was being taken home.
