 Author's note: This is my first adventure into erotic writing. I am a woman in my forties, and I write from that perspective. I welcome your feedback and suggestions. My sincere thanks to my three patient editors, InvincibleNoir, dave_932688 and a friend. But, despite their patient work, any typos or grammatical errors are my own.

***

"Oooohhhhh my GOD!!" 

Lying on my back, the flush of sexual excitement makes its way past my bare chest and up to my face. My arms reach down, pulling on the back of your head, pulling you hard against my clit as your tongue lashes me. You have two fingers inside me, stroking quickly on that sweet spot. I'm not going to last long like this, yet I want to prolong it. I want to feel your cock inside me, filling me. Reluctantly, I push your head away and you look up. There is a wet sheen on your face from my juices, along with a puzzled look. I think that you are wondering if you have done something wrong or I wasn't enjoying all your efforts. Quite the contrary, my gorgeous man; I have one hell of an orgasm building up. While you can always make me cum several times, the first one is always the strongest. I want to savour it. 

Without a word, my hands find my way to your jaw bone and guide your head up my body. You stop at my breasts and feast for a while. Your tongue flicking over my nipples is sending jolts of sensation directly to my clit. Holy hell, is there anything you can do to me that wouldn't have that effect right now? 

I put my hands on your shoulders and push you over onto your back. Now I am in control once again, maneuvering myself between your legs, eager to return the favour. Your cock is rock hard and pointing up towards your head. As I kneel between your legs, I tease you by kissing and licking around the side of your balls, then take the entire sac in my mouth, swirling it around for a few minutes. You groan as I steal a glance upward, noticing your closed eyes and your head thrown back. I continue teasing by gently moving my tongue up along your shaft and touching you lightly. My breasts are dangling underneath me and my nipples graze your thigh as I move upwards. I do it a few more times to tease myself, not that I need any more of that. 

Oh god...fuck it, I can't wait any more. My lips enclose your cock head while my tongue is licking the sensitive seam beneath your cock head. My hands encircle your shaft and begin pumping and twisting. You groan again and your hands move to the back of my head, pulling me further down onto your prick. I have about three quarters of you in my mouth now. My tongue is moving rapidly. Darting. Swirling. My hands have moved down, cupping your balls with my left hand while my right has moved to your perineum. I am probing and stroking that sweet spot. Your hands move to either side of my face and you begin pumping faster. I open my throat to take more of you into me. I can feel my nose press against your pubic bone and I have to hold my breath and suppress my gag reflex. I am drooling and spitting, but it is so hot. I love the feel of you fucking my face, uninhibited and almost selfish in your abandoned need. I can't do this for long and pop off your cock, gasping for breath, while still stroking your balls and perineum. I dive back on again and repeat the face fucking. 

I am reminded of my own need as my juices start to drip down my inner thigh. At the next breath, I pull away from you completely. I take your hands off my face and put them on my breasts. At the same time, I move up to straddle you, then impale myself on your prick. I am so wet that you slide straight in up to the hilt. I let out a deep breathy moan of satisfaction, finally having my pussy filled with your gorgeous cock.

Oh fuck, I can feel you right up at my cervix. I start to grind on you, mashing my clit against your pubic bone. My back is arched and my head thrown back. I am so close now. You move your hands down to my hips and begin pumping fast. I match your thrusts with my own. Feeling your cock banging against me, filling me and rubbing hard against my g-spot. As you withdraw before the next down stroke I clench my inner muscles, as if to hold you inside. I know you can feel this as you growl out loud. Clenching my inner muscles like this helps to build up to a big orgasm. I keep pulsing my muscles, matching your movements as our thrusting becomes frenzied and becomes too much for me. 

I can feel the electric tension building deep in my abdomen. My hands are now on your chest to give me something to push against as I grind our pubic bones together. Mashing my clit against you to enhance the incredible sensations. My moaning is gets louder, deep and guttural, almost animalistic. Between gasps and moans I am cursing like a whore, "Oh fuck me you fucking bastard...Fuck that pussy harder...oh shit you are going to make me cum..." It's too much for me as my pussy pulses and grips your prick hard as all my nerves explode. One loud groan escapes my lips. I stop moving my hips and let my orgasm wash over me. 

My pussy continues to twitch and pulse for a few minutes as I collapse breathless onto your chest. Your cock is still rock hard inside me and your need is still intense. I fall off you and onto my stomach beside you. I am still panting and twitching. You move behind me, in between my legs. Reaching down while placing your strong arm under me, around my waist, you pull me up onto my knees into the doggy position. As I push my ass up, offering it to you, you plough your hard prick straight back into my pussy. You are close to orgasm now and you start pumping me harder, eager for your own release. You are like an animal. You don't need to please me anymore, just look after your own release. You are gripping my hips and pulling me, then pushing me, on and off your cock rapidly matching my movements with your own pumping. 

(This story was first published to www.literotica.com by HottieHousewife. The author has not given permission for it to be published anywhere else.)

I haven't come down from my own orgasm and your frenzied thrusting quickly starts to build another one in me. I can do little more than stay on my knees, trying not to collapse under your almost violent assault. But holy hell, it's so freaking hot. I love the way you just fuck me hard. This is not love making. I have another orgasm building, but I need more direct stimulation. For a moment, I risk pushing up so that I am on my knees, wondering if you will actually push me over onto my face. I grip your hands pulling them off my hips. I pull your left hand onto my right breast, and move your right onto my sex, pushing your talented fingers against my swollen clit. I quickly brace myself again by putting my hands back on the bed. 

You get the message, and begin tweaking, pulling, circling and, teasing both my nipples and clit, while continuing to pump your cock into me. I am getting loud and again very close to orgasm. I think I might cum before you do, so I risk taking my right hand off the bed. I have to use all my strength in my left arm now to support us both to withstand your thrusting. I generously lick my middle finger and reach down between our legs. Your own right hand continues assaulting my clit, while your left hand is pulling and tweaking my nipples. Oh god, I'm so close to cumming again and there is a sweet tension in my stomach. Moving my hand underneath you and past your balls, I find your asshole and circle it with my wet finger. You immediately respond with a deep guttural growl which starts my own orgasm. 

My pussy clenches and pulses around your cock again, as I press my finger into your ass. You groan at me that you are going to cum as I insert my finger into your asshole up to the first knuckle. I wiggle and move it while my thumb presses against your perineum. Your moaning stops as you hold your breath for a moment. As your orgasm hits, you groan aloud and move up and grip my hips again, holding us both still while your cum sprays inside me in waves. I can feel your orgasm pulsing inside your ass, as your balls pump me full of your cum. I am still twitching and panting from my own release. You collapse on top of me and I take my finger out of your ass. I lie beneath you for a while, both of us silent, except for the sound of our deep panting. 

***

Thanks for reading. Sorry for the little interruption in the middle of the story but I am trying to prevent the thievery that sometimes happens. If you like this story, please rate it anonymously by clicking on the star rating below.