 Thank you for taking the time to read my submission.  check me out on FB Elle Jerome, Author or on twitter @lovellejerome.  XOXOXO

Chapter 1

Kenda Pierce needed to get out.  Yesterday had been the anniversary of her best friend's death.  Taryn's final instructions had been for Kenda to live her life and to not waste one precious moment wishing and waiting as she, Taryn had done.  Kenda called all of her girls to go out for drinks and dancing, but when all of them turned her down; she put on her best freak'em dress and her highest stilettos and hit The 31 Club, the hottest club in Buffalo. 

There was well over a few hundred people, but Kenda felt eyes on her.  She moved around the club and eventually found a seat at the bar that allowed her to see all the action and participate if she felt like it.  

"Kenda, what will it be?"  Jack Sortino, the owner of The 31 Club had done business with Kenda's real estate firm, so they were friendly.

"You can give me a nice glass of Carolina Red," Kenda stated with a smile.  Kenda looked around while she waited for her wine.  Again, she felt eyes on her.  Jack returned with her wine and she thanked him with a wink and a smile. 

"Don't make promises you can't keep young lady.  I may be old, but there is plenty of steam left in this engine."  Jack winked back at Kenda and went about serving the rest of the customers around the large bar.

Kenda swayed to the music slowly as she enjoyed her wine until she felt strong arms embrace her.  "The sexiest woman in the club should never drink alone."  Royce Bryant's lips were grazing the side of Kenda's neck.

"Who says I'm alone?"  Her voice had that huskiness to it that let Royce know he was turning her on.  He liked that about Kenda.  She was a sensual woman.  Though he had only scratched the surface of her passion on their one and only date, he knew there was more to this woman, and he was determined to find out the depths of her passion.  	

"Let's see, you are sitting at the bar, but there is an empty seat next to you.  I've been watching you since you walked in and the only man that has caught your interest is old man Jack.  I'd like to think I have a better chance than he does."  Royce's hands discreetly sought out her breast and her nipple begged for attention.  "Not to mention you haven't asked me to move my hands yet.  And, I know your mother taught you better manners than to allow a man such liberties when you are in the company of another."  His breath smelled of mint and his tongue and teeth were wreaking havoc on her ear.  

A slow moan escaped Kenda's lips when Royce's hands traveled lower to the hem of her very short dress and headed toward the heat permeating from her slit.  She crossed her legs to stop his travels.  Royce sat down in the seat next to her, but never loss contact with her thighs.  "Do you remember the night we went out?"  Royce's hands on her thighs felt so good that she trembled slightly.  

Unable to speak, she only nodded.  "Do you remember what I did to you?"  Again, she nodded.  How could she ever forget the way his tongue had brought her to the most delicious orgasm she had ever known?  "I still know the taste of your pussy on my tongue."  Royce eased her thighs apart and his fingers began stroking her clit through her silk thong panties.  He stood up to make it look as if he was whispering in her ear.  He then moved her panties to the side and slid two of his fingers inside her.

Kenda moaned and closed her eyes. "Stay with me, Kenda, you don't want anyone to know you are on the verge of an orgasm."  The deep timbre of Royce's voice made her shiver with longing.  

"Royce, please, you have to stop."  Her voice was strained.  Royce knew she was close to her release and he still had the vision of her beautiful face implanted on his brain from the last time he brought her to this peak.  Instead of stopping, Royce flexed his fingers so that they went deeper inside of her and her walls squeezed around his fingers bringing them into contact with the rush of her juices as he watched her fight the urge to scream out her release.

"Now, I want you to go into the ladies room and get cleaned up.  You are going to call your sister and tell her you are spending the weekend with a friend and we are going to my penthouse and I am going to worship this beautiful body until you can't take anymore."  Royce removed his hand and offered Kenda his handkerchief.  

As Royce had instructed she went to the ladies' room and cleaned herself up, thankfully no one entered.  She quickly pulled herself together and retouched her make-up.  She looked at her reflection in the mirror and could not remember the last time she had felt this relaxed.  I guess a good orgasm is all you need, she thought to herself.  Kenda's focus began to come back and she stopped short of leaving the restroom.  Royce had now given her two of the best orgasms she had ever known, without sexually penetrating her.  Her body shivered involuntarily at the thought of what actual lovemaking would bring.  Not lovemaking, her inner voice stated, just a fuck.  

Kenda reached for the door, but then stepped back inside.  She couldn't do this.  There was no way for her to spend the weekend with Royce, and then see him on Monday morning as if nothing had happened.  As quickly as the thought entered her mind to not go with Royce, she just as quickly heard Taryn's voice urging her to let go and explore the full extent of her sexuality.

Kenda remembered the long conversations she'd had with Taryn.  Taryn was the only person who knew of her unfulfilled sexuality.  Taryn alone knew of how much she craved giving over complete control of her body to someone else.  She had confided this secret to Taryn one night after they had split a bottle of Carolina Red wine Kenda had shipped in from the Duplin Winery in North Carolina.  Taryn had encouraged her to find someone she could trust and just give in to the craving.  Kenda had told only Taryn of her last encounter with Royce Bryant.  Now here he was again.  How ironic it was the anniversary of Taryn's death.  Taryn's words echoed in her head again.  "Don't sit around waiting for what you want to come to you.  Go out and live your life the way you want to live it; critics be damned."  

Kenda opened the door of the ladies room and was slightly shocked to see Royce waiting right outside the door holding her wrap.
"Well aren't we impatient," Kenda said with a slight unsure smile.

"I think I've waited long enough."  Royce pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  The kiss rendered her speechless, and made her sex wet all over again.  Royce broke the kiss.  "I have been waiting eight long months to get another taste of you and now that I have the chance, I'm taking it.  I'm taking you."