 Kenda was quiet as she sat in the passenger seat of Royce's Range Rover. Royce was quiet as well. He reached over for Kenda's hand and brushed his lips across the back of it. He noticed the slight tremor and smiled. It was good for him to know how he affected her because he found himself in a constant state of arousal whenever Kenda was in close proximity. Sometimes all it took was for him to remember the taste of her and he would become hard as steel. 

Royce smiled as the memory of their first meeting came to mind. Kenda had walked into the conference room at Chase Construction wearing the sexiest yellow sundress. She had taken the seat next to Royce and her perfume had assaulted his senses. He almost forgot his name and Koa had to call his name several times to get his attention. Kenda had smiled and then proceeded to introduce herself and her real estate firm. She had been contracted to sell the three hundred plus units and Royce was one of the partners and building engineers at Chase Construction. 

Royce smiled again. He stole a glance in Kenda's direction and watched as she lay her head against the headrest and closed her eyes. He knew she was not asleep, but the trust she had put in him went right to his gut. He noticed the glow of her caramel colored skin whenever the streetlights hit it. The mass of jet-black hair was swept up into a sloppy bun with tendrils framing her face. Her lips were kiss swollen and he wanted to take them again. Damn, what was it about this woman that had set him on fire from the first hello. 

Royce remembered being so entranced with Kenda's beauty that he had asked her to dinner. When Kenda turned him down, he later found out it was due to a birthday party being given in her honor. He had asked Koa to take him as his plus one. Koa, the self-proclaimed ladies man, was all too happy to take him for what he thought would be an evening of Kenda turning down his friend. At the party, Royce danced with Kenda as often as possible. When he was not with her, he had his eye on her and made it his business to get in the way of any guy who got too close to Kenda. Koa and some of their other friends had teased and ribbed him all night, but Royce had the last laugh when Kenda allowed him to take her home for the evening instead of riding with her friends in the limo. 

The light changing brought him back from his reverie. He was turning into the underground parking ramp of his building when he noticed Kenda cross her legs. The hem of her dress rose a little higher as the natural scent of her filled his nostrils. Royce could not resist touching her exposed thigh at that point. "Did you call your sister?"

"Yes," was her simple reply.

"Good, no one wants to upset Carmen. She does know you are with me, right?"

Kenda smiled and simply replied, "yes." 

Royce sensed her getting nervous. He noticed her leg shaking. "Kenda, you are ok with this, right?" He was asking this question as they entered the elevator that led directly into his penthouse. No answer came, so Royce stopped the elevator and stepped toward Kenda. She took a step back. Again, Royce moved forward. Again, she stepped back. When he advanced, again he noticed her back was against the wall of the elevator. She was trapped.

Royce closed the gap between them and all Kenda could feel was his heat. His heat had her trembling even more. Her reaction to his heat terrified her. Her reaction to it terrified her even more. Kenda looked up into those ice blue eyes that held her captive every time they caught her staring at him. She craned her neck to look up and Royce took control of her mouth. His hands threaded through the silk threads of her hair and he heard her moan into his mouth in satisfaction and need. As he continued to kiss her, he reached over and started the elevator again. Once the elevator began to move, Royce lifted her in his arms and placed her legs around his waist. When the elevator door opened, Royce entered Kenda in one fluid stroke that forced a gasp from her. 

Kenda realized she was making love to Royce. Correction he was fucking her standing in the middle of the living room of his penthouse. Everything inside of her said to stop, but the womanly part of her that needed this release refused to listen. Kenda's hair fell in a curtain of silk around her face and she leaned forward to kiss Royce hard on the mouth. Each time he retreated his returning stroke went deeper into her. The straps of Kenda's pink dress hung off her shoulders. Her legs tightened around Royce in and effort to pull him deeper into her. Royce continued to slide in and out of Kenda's sweetness, setting a rhythm that sent a sensual ribbon of fulfillment deep within her sex.

Kenda had never felt such fullness. She clamored to reclaim his mouth, sucking on his full lips and devouring the same tongue that had done all those deliciously devilish things to her eight months ago. Royce moaned and then withdrew from her until only the tip of his cock touched the entrance to the heaven he had craved for the last eight months. "Please," he heard her murmured plea.

"Please, what Kenda? What do you want?" Royce asked these questions as he teased the column of her neck and she inched the lips of her pussy closer to him. Royce retreated and did not make the move to join them again. He kissed her mouth, making her moan in longing when he sucked her tongue into his mouth.

"Fuck me Royce." Kenda moved her hips to bring Royce deeper into her.

"My pleasure, beautiful." Royce lowered Kenda to the plush carpet then turned them both so that Kenda was on top. "Ride."

Royce's one word command set her hips in motion. Using his chest for leverage, Kenda rode him hard. Each downward thrust bringing them both closer to the cusp of ecstasy that they both craved. Royce shifted to a sitting position and began the sweetest torture of her nipples. The electric currents sent shock waves to her clit and Kenda's walls sucked him in deeper.

Royce felt Kenda's sex caress his shaft and pull him deeper into her core. If he kept this up he would explode, and he wanted this to last. Royce eased himself out of Kenda and told her to stand. He knelt in front of her and placed one of her legs on his shoulder. He then began to feast upon her sex. Kenda held on to Royce as she moved her pelvis into a position that made direct contact with his tongue. Royce knew Kenda was close to her release. Her legs had begun to quiver and her moans became louder. Royce moved to the couch and had Kenda straddle his lap with her back to his chest. Kenda wasted no time lowering herself down on Royce's dick and began to ride again as her fingers moved over her clit. Royce reached around and began to squeeze her nipples. "Yes, Royce, fuck me. Mmm, that's it. Right there." Kenda was so close to her own release that she had almost forgotten Royce had not come and was not anywhere near ready to. "Cum with me Royce." 

"Not right now beautiful. This one is for you." He then reached around her and joined her in playing with her clit as he began to pound into her harder. Kenda exploded into a thousand pieces against Royce's chest. He gently continued to play with her as she came down, one hand still squeezing her left nipple and the other still rubbing her clit. 

Kenda came down slowly. Her breath was ragged and her chest heaved as she noticed she was still intimately joined to Royce, and he was still hard. She eased lower and gently took him into her mouth. His fingers threaded through her hair as he felt himself at the back of her throat and then he felt her sucking him in deeper. The sound that escaped her throat let him know she was enjoying pleasuring him this way just as much as he was enjoying being pleasured this way. Kenda gave herself over to the ministrations of giving Royce the most pleasure he had ever received. She sucked him in deep and then eased back to play with the head. She used her tongue to caress his length and shivered when she heard his pleasurable response. 

Royce felt the tingle in his toes and then the churning began in his balls he tried to back away from Kenda, but she wouldn't release him. She wanted to taste him as he had tasted her. Royce released a groan from deep in his throat and Kenda tasted his come as it hit her tongue and then she swallowed until she knew he was done.

Royce pulled Kenda close to him and kissed her. "You didn't have to do that," he whispered.

"I wanted to." Kenda kissed him softly and then turned so that they were spooning and then drifted off to sleep. Royce held her as she slept.