 I can feel you pressing up behind me, your hardness pushing into the small of my back as you hold onto my hips pulling me into you. I reach up and link my hands behind your head as you nuzzle my neck. My heart picks up as your hand slides up inside my top, your fingers finding my nipple inside my bra, twisting and pulling so that my breast now sits on top of my bra, my breath catches as you twist harder and I can already feel myself getting wet.

Tilting my head back I find your mouth and I pull your head down so I can kiss you deeply, sliding my tongue into your mouth and biting your lip gently. One of my hands reaches down to your arse and I pull you closer to me while I jut my butt back into you, wanting to feel you as close as possible. Your fingers find their way to the front of my jeans rubbing along my slit, I gasp when you press the seam onto my throbbing clit. Taking your hand away you twist me around and lift me up onto the bench in one move, grabbing my arse you pull me forward until my legs are spread and again I'm pushed up against you.

I start to pull your shirt over your head, my eyes locked onto your nipples and I'm teasing one with my tongue before you've finished taking your top off. You gasp as my teeth take hold of your hardened nub pulling it as my tongue runs over the tip. 

Undoing your jeans, I run my fingertips lightly along your hardness before wrapping my hand around your cock and drawing it out of your pants. You groan softly as I gently run my fist slowly along your length. Grabbing the back of my top you rip it off me, exposing the nipple you've already been playing with and in no time you've unclasped my bra, letting it fall to the ground. You take my other nipple sucking it deeply into your mouth, biting down you hear me gasp and press myself into you even more. 

I wrap my legs around you and you pick me up as I suck on your neck, thinking about how far I'll be sucking your cock down my throat very soon. You make it to the bed and throw me onto my back, pulling my jeans off and you pause, drinking in the image of me naked and flushed. I start to squirm a little under your gaze, wanting to feel your touch, anywhere and everywhere.

Moving forward you take the back of my knees and press them apart, pushing them towards my body. I gasp as I feel air hit my pussy, and I try to move so I can touch myself. You stare me down until I stop, groaning again but this time in frustration. 'Patience' you say as you lower your head to deliver soft, gentle kisses on the inside of my thighs, ignoring the one place that I am craving you to touch. 

Your finger runs very lightly along my slit, causing me to jump, I try to push my hips down to get more of your finger into me like I so desperately want. You continue to tease with the tip of your finger going ever so slightly into my opening while you trace your tongue lightly over my clit. I start to shudder and you feel my wetness as you carry on your relentless torture. I cry out in frustration again, wanting, needing, to feel more. Just as my body starts to relax as I admit defeat you bite hard on my engorged and throbbing clit, sucking it fiercely into your mouth, slamming two fingers inside of me. My hips buck off the bed and my back arches as I have the most amazing orgasm, drenching your hand and chin as I continue to arch, groan and come over and over again, completely unaware of anything except the amazing sensations rippling through my body.

You hold your hand still inside me as I continue to shudder and writhe all over the bed. Every now and again you twitch your fingers slightly which sets me over the edge once again. I'm so sensitive that I jump every time at the slightest touch, so you lie on top of me, holding me down while I calm myself. Moving to the side of me you present your fingers, still covered in my juices. Without a thought I have them in my mouth, tasting myself, I look up and notice you watching my lips intently, your eyes meet mine and with our gaze locked I suck slowly on your fingers as my tongue plays with them in my mouth. I feel your cock twitch against my leg as you watch my show, wanting attention. My hand reaches over, wrapping around your thickness and your cock grows even harder.

I let your fingers slide from my mouth as I make my way down your body, pausing to nip and suck at your nipple. You roll onto your back and I straddle your legs, my arse rising high into the air, my mouth close to your penis. My pursed lips travel very slowly and gently from the base of your cock to the tip. I can feel the velvety skin on my lips, so soft. I reach the tip and there are drops of pre-come waiting for me, I flick out my tongue and clean you up, only to have more come appear. My tongue presses into your hole and I savour the taste of the small amount of come in my mouth. I take just the head of you in my mouth, swirling my tongue and tightening my lips so you can feel me all around you. I take more of you into me, occasionally lifting back up so I can lick and moisten your full length. You try to press the back of my head, forcing me down further, but I take your hands and hold them down by your side. I take my mouth off you completely and smile at you as you groan in frustration. 

With another coy smile I take you fully into my mouth, my teeth scrape slightly along your length in my haste to take you completely and I feel your hips buck slightly in response while your hands grab fistfuls of doona, your cock hits the back of my throat. I start a rhythm and find myself getting wet again. I love giving head and to have you at my mercy is a massive turn on. I change things up again, moving slowly up and down I release my hold on your hands and reach down to play with your massive balls. The thought of all that come in them, just for me, turns me on even more and before I realise what I'm doing I turn my body so that I'm straddling your chest. 

You get the idea and you very quickly have one and then two fingers in my pussy, feeling me groan around your shaft. As I alternate between long slow strokes and a faster rhythm with occasional teeth I feel you take your fingers out and grabbing my butt you pull my arse cheeks apart. I gasp again as I feel the air hit my hole then I feel one of your juiced up fingers slowly rubbing around in circles, making my breath become shallow and short in anticipation. You stop suddenly and it takes me a moment to work out that I've also stopped. I go back to working on you in earnest and your fingers start to circle again, the tip of the first one entering me sends a jolt through my body, and then I feel your other hand on my clit. You pull at my swollen nub as you continue to tease my arse and very soon I'm gasping, moaning and begging you to take me. My arsehole is winking at you, clenching at something that isn't there yet, but should be.

I can no longer concentrate on sucking your cock, not with the need I have to feel you inside of me. As I push back towards your face you delve your finger into my arse, no longer teasing. I cry out with pleasure and push back further until you can easily lick my wet slit from one end to the other. I'm coming constantly on your tongue as you push your finger in and out of my tight small hole. Your tongue enters me, dipping in and out and I scream and cover your face with my juices, clenching at your finger.

You are as hard as possible watching me shudder and decide it's time to do something about it. Pulling out of me you lift my hips up and move me off you. I'm still in my own world on my hands and knees as I continue to come, barely knowing what I'm doing. You wrap your hand in my hair at the base of my head and turn my head, putting the finger that was in my arse in my mouth. I start sucking, so far beyond the realms of what is right or what is wrong and only focussing on my pleasure and yours. With both of your hands occupied, you aim your cock at my pussy and enter me without guidance. You feel my pussy stretch to accommodate you, feeling how hot and tight it is you draw back a little and with my hips pushing back you slam into me, making me groan around your fingers. Your hands reach under me and with you kneeling up you lift me by my hips, my knees leave the bed and you bang into me again. Continuing to assault me, listening to the wet sound of you in me, my head pressed against the bed and me gasping for breath you use your thumbs to press into my arse cheeks and pull them apart watching my puckered little hole thinking about how tight it would feel to be inside of there.

You let go of my hips, and pull out of me and I whimper slightly as I really want to feel you fill me entirely. Collecting some of my juices you run your fingers over my nipples, pulling and tugging at them. You hear me whisper something and you ask me to repeat it, I do but not loud enough. You grab my hair again and ask again what I said - 'Please fuck me' I beg. You ask me where I want your hard cock, 'Anywhere, please' I'm pushing back onto nothing, just needing to feel you.

Your cock is still covered with me all over you, and you push against my puckered little hole. As much as I want you I still struggle to take you without hesitation and it takes time to relax enough to let your bulbous head push through my tight ring. I again try to relax, wanting to adjust to you but you're thinking back to me sucking on your fingers after they were in both my holes, you're looking at my flushed face and remembering my ass winking at you earlier. Without waiting you grab my hips and plunge as deep as you can into me, I let out a scream which immediately turns into a moan as I come again, struggling to stay conscious. My arse feels like it is on fire, but it's so full and I love it. You push down on the small of my back and you feel me tight around you, feeling my heat and the edges of my arse pulling around you. It doesn't take long before you're jerking uncontrollably and coming deep inside of my stretched hole, I can feel your hot come deep in me and again I'm shuddering and this time I don't win the fight with my consciousness. I fall to the bed on my side, and you fall with me. We're both breathing hard and covered in a sheen of sweat. 

Just before I drift off to sleep I hear 'Rest babe, I'm not finished with you yet'. 

I sleep heavily for only a short while, but soon my body becomes aware of the closeness of you. Although I'm still lightly drifting in and out of sleep any shift on the bed, any movement or breath, my body responds. Lazily at first, a slight twitch, a sigh, a movement in the hips and then as awareness dawns and memories return I feel myself clenching before I know why. Lying on my side I feel some of your come slide out of my arse, at the same time your fingers trace over my naked hip and you run them along my thigh.

I arch my back in sleepy pleasure, feeling the parts of my body that are raw and sensitive as more memories return. Your finger runs over my butt and collects some of your come that has spilled from my arse. You draw slow circles over my stomach and up to my nipples, watching the come dry tight on my skin. Offering your come soaked fingers to me you trace them along my lips before I open my mouth, my tongue tasting the tips before sucking and drawing them into my mouth to clean them off.

I roll onto my stomach, my head resting on my arm watching you. My hand runs over your face, my thumb runs across your bottom lip and you lightly kiss it. I lift myself up and replace my thumb with my lips gently pressing yours. I reach down and wrap my fist around your cock, stroking you slowly as you grow harder in my hand. You kiss more passionately, grabbing the back of my neck, our tongues wrestle, taste and our teeth occasionally bight making me groan deep in your mouth. Still holding onto you, kissing you, I straddle you and lower myself until the knuckle from my fist is rubbing against my clit to pleasure me at the same time. Your lips are now kissing my neck and you roll my nipple between your fingers causing me to grip you harder and now it's your turn to moan.

I rise up and guide you into me, feeling the soreness from when you took me mere hours ago and enjoy the reminder. I move you in me and then out again, pausing with the tip of you just inside me so I can hesitate before taking you further into me, your breath catches and pauses every time I do. I rise up one more time before leaning forward, bracing my hands against your chest I thrust myself down until you are buried to the hilt. I gasp and feel you throb inside of me, holding still and clenching your cock I feel waves of pleasure take me.

You feel my wetness and hear my juices as I start rocking against you, picking up rhythm, slamming down on you alternating with slow steady strokes. You watch me roll my head back, my breath shallow, and my own fingers pulling at my nipples. You can tell I'm getting close to coming again and you reach between us and flick my clit making me gasp, my eyes opening wide with shock locking on yours. I groan and start to shudder, forgetting to continue to ride you as the feelings overtake me, my clit is rolling between your fingers and I can barely stay upright. Feeling me clench around your cock and watching me come has taken you close to the edge. You grab my hips and completely controlling my motions you slam me on and off your cock frantically. I let out a guttural scream as I come so amazingly hard and feel you bury your seed deep inside me.

I collapse on your chest, our skin slick with sweat, both of us struggling for breath knowing we're just going to keep wanting more.