 My brother and I were on the train heading homeward. At the best of times it was a long trip so we tended to carry pads with us. We had chess if we were feeling congenial or a good library if we wanted some self-time. Right now we were trying to play a game of chess.

Might I point out the use of the word trying? It was fairly late at night and the train was very light on for passengers. It happens that way at times. The passengers in our carriage consisted of three; me, my brother, and a pain in the neck of a young lady. That young lady was the reason I said trying, and the word applied to her as well as the chess.

The young lady was antsy and fidgeting. The reason for this was that we were about halfway through our journey when we heard that triple bang that indicates to the driver that there are workmen on the lines ahead. Shortly after that the train came to a complete stop. Then came the announcement stating that there'd been an accident and the train was stuck until the line was clear. They expected it would take about half an hour.

Half an hour wasn't too bad in my opinion as I wasn't going anywhere but home. My brother just shrugged and made a move and the young lady started muttering. I was contemplating my move when she came marching up to see what we were doing. Then she walked away. Looked out the window. Checked to see if the doors would open. (They wouldn't.) Came to look at our game.

"What's wrong with you, girl?" I grouched.

"Nothing's wrong with me," she snapped. "I just want to go home. I'm bored."

My estimate of her age put her in her late teens, possibly twenty. She was nicely dressed, but more along the lines of seeing friends than for work. Have you ever seen a young lady of that age who didn't have a phone with them? Such a creature would be a rare animal.

"So why don't you take out your phone and start playing with it?" I asked. "I'd have thought that would be the first thing you'd do."

"I wasn't expecting a delay. My battery is nearly flat. I was going to charge it up as soon as I got home." 

"Well, if you've got your charger in your bag," I said, nodding to her bag which could have held a generator, let alone a charger, "why don't you plug it in and charge it now?"

"We're on a train," she said with a 'der' in her voice. "Do you see a power point anywhere?"

"Ah, we're on an electric train," I pointed out, indicating the overhead lights. "The trains have power points to run cleaning equipment, for a start."

I got up and reached for the panels above the windows. I slid one across, exposing the power point there.

"It works by plugging your charger into those little holes and turning that switch," I helpfully added.

Did she say thank you? She did not. Appalling manners in the younger generation. She did fish her charger and phone out of her bag and plug them in. Now she had another problem. Her charger only had a short cord so it would be awkward in the extreme to actually use the phone while it charged. She left it dangling, giving it nasty looks. For some reason I came in for my share of nasty looks.

I made a masterly move in our chess game, ignoring my brother saying, "Yes, I thought you'd do that," and making an immediate response.

"Look, girl," I grumbled, "you'll have sufficient charge in fifteen minutes to use the phone. Just relax."

"I don't want to relax. I want to use my phone. I want to do something."

"Well, if you really want something to do, take off your panties and come over here. Sam and I will be quite happy to fuck you to fill the time until your phone is working. Right, Sam?"

"Yeah, I'd go along with that," agreed Sam. "You don't often have good ideas but that one's a beauty."

She hurriedly backed away, looking arounds the empty carriage.

"You wouldn't dare," she said, sounding rather nervous.

"Dare what?" I asked. "All I did was offer to fuck you if you care to drop your panties. Obviously if you don't, I won't."

She gave my brother and I another nervous look, her eyes darting to her phone, weighing up whether she should make an emergency call.

I answered my brother's move and this time he just grunted. Now it was his turn to sweat it out. Then I turned my attention to the young lady.

"Make a deal with you," I said affably. "If you care to sit quietly while your phone charges I won't pull down your panties and smack your bottom for bothering me. If you continue to bother me, I will."

"Oh, wait," I said hurriedly when she was about to speak. "The offer of fucking you if you care to drop your panties stands. Up to you of course."

"You don't really think I'd do that, do you?" she demanded.

"How would I know? I barely know you. I can but hope."

"Well, I wouldn't. Why would you even ask?"

"If you don't ask you don't get. Asking never hurts."

"It's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard off."

It was quite for a few moments. Sam was contemplating his move, I was contemplating the girl, and she was just standing there, looking at me.

"Tell you what. Sam and I are both far too lazy to get out of our seats so as long as you're out of arm's reach you're safe. Why don't you slip your panties off and put them into your bag. It'll give you something to do and you'll feel deliciously naughty while still being safe."

"Why would I do that?" 

"I told you. Something to break the monotony and that delicious feeling of naughtiness. While you're over there in your safe space and we're not leaving our safe space what can the harm be?"

She was chewing on her lip and to my surprise I could see she was actually contemplating the idea. Was she a complete idiot?

"You won't come near me?" she asked, answering the idiocy question.

"We won't budge from these seats," I assured her. "Look but don't touch is our new policy."

She was blushing but she reached up her dress and certainly took something off and hurriedly stuffed it in her bag. Then she was standing there, looking at us defiantly.

I was amused and I suspected that so was Sam.

"Turn around and bend over for a moment," I told her.

"Why?"

"I'm just curious," I said, giving a little shrug.

She turned away and bent over, keeping her had turned as she did so, ready to panic if I did anything wrong. All I did was give a heartfelt, "Damn."

She hastily straightened and turned to face me.

"What?" she asked.

"That silly dress is just a couple of inches too long," I told her. "You should have worn a shorter one."

She blushed as it dawned on her what I'd be hoping to see.

"Ah, well, I guess it doesn't matter as you're going to lift up the front of your dress."

She did a small double take at that.

"What makes you think I'll do that?" she demanded.

"Ah, the fact that you want to?" I suggested. "You're feeling wicked and you want to show off just a little more."

She wasn't looking at us but rather down, while her hands clenched the sides of the dress. Her hands were twitching and little by little her dress was rising. I was no fool. I kept my mouth shut and watched.

She gave one last hesitation, drew a deeper breath, and hitched her dress high enough to reveal all. As far as I could see she'd revealed two things of interest. First, she had a cute little landing strip. Evidence aplenty that she wasn't some shy virgin. I couldn't see a virgin going to that much trouble. Second, she was going to let me take her. She might pretend some reluctance but she had already yielded mentally and that was the main battle.

"I'm Mick," I told her. "And you are?"

"Denise," she replied, blushing and not really looking at me, but still holding her dress up and showing all.

"Come here, Denise," I said softly, my voice barely carrying to her, but I could tell by the slight jerk of her head that she'd heard.

Now she looked at me, giving a slight shake of her head.

"I couldn't do that," she protested, also speaking softly. "If I go over there you'd, ah, you'd. . ."

We both knew exactly what she was saying. I just gave her a very charming smile (I can do charming when I have to) and nodded.

"Yes, I will, and I'll enjoy it very much. Hopefully you will too. Now come along."

I held out a hand as though reaching for her, even though she was way out of reach. She dithered and started edging closer while I smiled and waited. Smiling, and keeping on smiling, can be hard at times. Times like this when lust wanted to show itself. She was slow to approach but she was coming, and she still had her dress hitched up.

When she was close enough I raised my hand higher and even as she took it my free hand was stoking the inside of her leg and moving up. She was oh so nervous and I didn't make a sound. I just gently rubbed her, holding her hand at the same time. It's odd, but casually holding a young ladies hand tends to give her a bit of a sense of security, especially with a slightly older man. The fact that I was also rubbing her naked pussy was incidental, more of a warming sense.

She was breathing harder but also relaxing. It wasn't long before she was pressing herself against my hand, not even letting out a peep when a couple of fingers slipped between her lips and extended their exploration.

"I am going to turn you around and bend you over that seat," I told her, my voice a confidential murmur. "After that I am going to make love to you, worshipping that wonderful body of yours."

I rose slowly to my feet, not wanting to rush and scare my new friend off. Easing her around, I gently pressed against her back, and she obediently leant forward, arms bracing her over the seat. My hand slid gently over her bottom, smoothly slipping between her legs to continue rubbing her mound, a mound that was swollen and waiting in heated anticipation.

A fast lowering of my zip and my cock was brushing against her. Then I was moving forward and she was pushing back to meet me, slowly at first and then with an increased eagerness as I went deeper. She gave a small groan of relief as I finally hammered home. I knew exactly how she felt, wanting to give a similar groan.

I started rocking, my cock thrusting into her, not too energetically at this stage, but giving her pleasure even as I garnered my own. It wasn't long before she was giving eager little cries, urging me to greater effort. I was quite happy to supply this effort, but still held a little back. I wanted this to last.

I kept going and her response seemed to be more avid as each moment passed. She was wanting it all right now, starting to plead with me to give more. From the tone of her voice she was both exhilarated and frustrated, loving what she had but knowing something better was coming.

I managed to stall until I could hear a touch of desperation in her voice (and it wasn't easy) and then I cut loose, giving her that extra that we both wanted. She didn't last long after that, giving a soft wail and climaxing.

I just held myself in her for a moment longer, waiting for her to settle down. When I was sure she was right I was withdrawing and zipping up while she straightened up and gave a luxurious stretch.

That's when Sam stood up with a big smile and the observation that it was his turn.

"The hell you say," Denise half-yelled. "You stay away from me, you pervert."

Sam was looking slightly stunned, going, "What?" 

"You tell him," she appealed to me. "If I say no he's not allowed to touch me. Who does he think he is? I don't know him. I haven't even spoken to him." 

She was clutching me, keeping me firmly between her and Sam. I looked at Sam and shrugged.

"What can I say, Sam?" I said regretfully. "She's entitled to say no if she so chooses. You really need to learn how to conduct yourself around women."

"Why don't we check on how your phone is charging," I suggested, steering her towards where her phone still dangled off its charger. 

"Eighty percent," she said with a squeal, snatching the charger out of the power point. "That's plenty." With that she settled down onto a seat, her fingers already flashing over the keys. "Oh, thank you for showing me the power point," she added. "I was getting desperate without my phone."

I strolled back to our chess game.

"Some people have it, some don't," I observed, getting a withering look from Sam.