 Through half-lidded eyes I watched the sky turn to a rosy glow. I listened contentedly to the sound of birds greeting the dawn and the steady rhythm of my lover's breathing, as she lay nestled in my arms. I inhaled the scent of her hair and moved a wispy lock from her cheek before planting a gentle kiss upon it. Then I slowly disentangled our entwined limbs and rose from the bed. She opened her eyes slightly and, in a sleepy voice, whispered, "See you at the office." Then she closed her eyes and scooted to the part of the bed I had just occupied. She hugged my pillow to her breasts and sighed deeply.

I tore my gaze away from this beautiful sight, gathered my clothes and walked downstairs. I quickly dressed and returned to my hotel for a shower, a shave, and fresh clothing. I had plenty of time before the office opened so I ordered a huge breakfast from room service and enjoyed a particularly long shower, where I idly stroked my sensitive cock as the warm water and suds cascaded over my body. Memories of the previous night with Rhonda stirred my manhood to erection, but my thoughts were enough. The skin was still sensitive after the intense pounding I had given Rhonda the night before, not to mention yesterday morning’s tryst at the office.

As I stepped from the shower, there was a knock on my hotel door. Quickly donning a towel, I opened it to find a petite young woman behind a rolling table. 

"H-here is the breakfast you ordered, sir," she stammered as she averted her eyes from staring at my chest. My, my, how things have changed, I thought. Before yesterday I would have made a move on this attractive young woman in her short maid outfit. But the total sensuality of Rhonda banished all such thoughts from my mind.

I signed for the meal and went to the desk to retrieve a five from my wallet for a tip. As I turned back to the young lady, her eyes snapped from staring at my towel-covered ass to my face. She blushed slightly and accepted the bill.

"Thank you, sir. Visiting us from far off?" she probed tentatively.

"New York City," I replied.

"Oh what an exciting place. I'd love to go there some day."

"Actually, I prefer it around here," I answered.

There was a moment of awkward silence. I knew that with just one word from me, she would be naked on my bed. In a flash I pictured her peeling away the damp towel to reveal my growing manhood. While I sat on the edge of the bed, I watched her pretty face descend onto my cock and purr over it as she brought it to full hardness. Then the image shifted to her standing on the bed, her flexible young body bent at the waist. With her skirt pulled up over her tight ass, I gripped her love handles and pumped forcefully into her soaking wet twat from behind.  Her imagined moans filled my mind and I almost thought I smelled the aroma of wet pussy.

I blinked from my momentary reverie and saw that she was looking at me, barely hiding the desire in her eyes. She may have been entertaining similar thoughts in that brief moment, and I suspected that scent of warm pussy may have been real. With an expectant smile, she asked me, "Is there anything else I can do for you?"

My last chance, I thought. I mustered my self-control and replied, “No thanks, miss,"

The hopeful expression on her face quickly changed to a shadow of disappointment. "Alright then," she said, seeming to be puzzled by the restraint I showed, when the growing bulge beneath my towel obviously belied my thoughts. "Have a great day," she added cheerfully as she headed toward the door.

"Thanks, you too." I admired her tight ass inside her maid outfit as it retreated through the doorway. Just before closing the door, she shot a glance over her shoulder and flashed a quick smile as she caught me looking at her ass this time. As much fun as that would have been, I thought, she pales in comparison to Rhonda. I released the towel around my waist and sat down to enjoy a hearty breakfast of steak and eggs in the nude while the man on TV droned through the previous days events.

With a full belly and a warm glow in my heart, I drove to Consolidated Credit and attacked my work with a renewed vigor. I was determined to provide even more value for the money they were spending on me than they anticipated receiving. I conducted my interviews with enthusiasm and, through the course of the week, compiled an insightful plan that had the potential of increasing the revenue at Consolidated substantially.

I had to follow up with Rhonda twice more during the week, but since she had made it clear that I had a standing invitation for dinner each evening and fabulous sex every night, we managed to keep our meetings at work on a fairly professional level. Of course, we shared warm embraces and deep kisses behind closed doors, but managed to keep from ripping each other’s clothes off. The sexual tension these meetings caused erupted in heightened passion when we would come together each night. By the end of the week, I had put together a series of recommendations for the executive leadership that I felt would blow them away. Friday afternoon, I joined the Chairman and his staff in the boardroom and stepped through my observations, risk assessment, and concluded with my proposed plan of action. My ideas were met with quite a few raised eyebrows and smiles of appreciation.

Friday evening at Rhonda's was by far the highlight of the week.  We spent the entire night alternating between deep discussions about our future together and passionate lovemaking. Early Saturday morning, drenched in each other's juices and exhausted, we showered together one last time. With tears in her eyes and a smile on her face, she kissed me deeply before I had to pull away and leave for the airport.

I spent a lonely weekend in the city that seemed even colder than usual for the last week of October. I went to my usual haunts, but felt out of place.  A very attractive businesswoman sidled up next me at Tony's bar on Saturday night.  We were soon chatting comfortably and sizing up each other with our eyes as we talked. I had seen that look before on women and had no doubt that she would follow me anywhere right then. I found her quite tempting, especially when her hand strayed to my thigh and softly stroked my inner thighs through my khakis. She gazed deeply into my eyes as she found the tip of my swelling tool through the cotton. She said nothing but her eyes clearly stated that she wanted to feel the piece of meat she was fondling inside her cunt that night. For the second time that day, I was surprised by my own reaction. Before I met Rhonda, I would have charmed the panties off this horny out-of-town visitor in no time flat. But the thought of this woman sucking my cock was somehow unattractive now. What was wrong with me, I wondered. This lady is ready, willing and able! Look at her, Sammie boy, I thought, cute face and a sweet ass! And look at those luscious tits just about busting out of the top of her blouse. See those erect nipples straining through the fabric? She wants you, man! Feel how she’s stroking your meat. She knows what she’s doing!

My thoughts turned to Rhonda and eventually, were broken by the sound of the woman’s voice. Somewhere along the line, she had stopped rubbing my cock and I hadn’t even noticed. "My, my, you seem to have a lot on your mind tonight," she observed.

"Yeah, I guess I do. Sorry."

"That's okay pal. Maybe some other time."  And she sauntered away to talk to a more likely candidate.

Early Sunday morning I revived myself with a brisk jog through Central Park. As I ran, once again lost in thoughts of Rhonda, a pert red head pulled up from behind me. It was Mary! She squeezed my ass and cried, "Nice buns, mister!"

I reached over and squeezed a breast, “Nice tits, baby!”

We both laughed at the playful greeting that had become our ritual when we saw each other. It had raised a few eyebrows when we performed it at parties or other public places where the people around us didn’t know that we were old friends. 

My dear friend, Mary, with whom I had been able to do the impossible - share fantastic sex from time to time while simultaneously maintaining a solid friendship. She slowed her pace to mine and we ran together in silence for a while.

Finally she remarked, "Your awfully quiet today. No remarks about how my tits bounce up and down while I run. No offers to lick the sweat off me when we're through?"

"Sorry, Mary. You are gorgeous, there's no doubt about that. I get a hard on just thinking about your little shaved pussy with the heart-shaped tuft of red hair just above your clit. No man in his right mind would pass up an opportunity to fuck you senseless. It's just that -"

"Oh Sam, you've met someone, haven’t you? You’ve fallen in love! That's great, buddy! Who's the lucky lady?"

What a relief I felt to be able to talk to someone about Rhonda. Mary and I grabbed the next available park bench and rested while I proceeded to tell her all about Rhonda. When I finally finished she said, "Yep, no doubt. Sammie's in love. Well, it's my loss, not to mention every other girl in New York."

"Do you forgive me, Mary?"

"Forgive you?" she exclaimed. "C'mon, you’re good, Sam. But I’ve had better.” She laughed and squeezed my crotch. “But seriously, Sam, I'm ecstatically happy for you. Congratulations!" She laid a big kiss on my lips and ran off down the path, exclaiming over her shoulder, "You'd better invite me to the wedding!"

"Count on it!" I called after her.

The vigorous run and my talk with Mary allowed me to relax a little and halfway enjoy the remainder of the day. But by Sunday evening, I was dreading Monday morning's return to work and my desolate existence, thousands of miles away from the woman I loved.

Monday afternoon I got a phone call from a Linda Traverti, an Executive VP at Consolidated Credit.

"Mr. Benning," she began. "Let me begin by saying that the Board was quite impressed by your presentation last Friday. They have asked me set up an interview with you to discuss the possibility of your joining our company on a permanent basis."

I was dumbfounded. I quickly gathered my composure and replied, "I'm both flattered and intrigued Ms. Traverti. I would be honored to explore the feasibility of this option with you. When would you like to meet?"

"Can you be here tomorrow?" she asked.

"I can be in your office at two in the afternoon if that's early enough for you."

"That would be splendid, Mr. Benning. I look forward to meeting you in person tomorrow at two. Good day."

"Good bye, and thank you."

Wow, I thought. They must have liked my work more than I expected. What a dream come true. I could be with Rhonda all the time!

The next day, at two o’clock sharp, I confidently strode into Linda Traverti's office. As I approached her desk, I watched her look me up and down. She stood, extended her hand, greeted me warmly and bid me to sit in the chair facing her desk.

"I'm Linda Traverti, Executive Vice President of Human Resources here at Consolidated Credit."

"I'm pleased to meet you Ms. Traverti."

"Please, call me Linda. Now Mr. Benning -"

"Please, call me Sam."

"Alright Sam, as I eluded to in our phone conversation yesterday, the Board was very impressed with your ideas and asked me to talk to you to determine if you would be a good fit for us here at Consolidated. Your recommendations, as you know, included n aggressive expansion of our Internet presence and a transition to on-line transactions. The Board would very much like to pursue this approach, but we feel we need to create an entirely new role within the company to spearhead the effort." She continued to describe the opportunity and I discussed how I would approach such a challenge. 

Conversation with this attractive and very professional woman was enjoyable. I found her very easy to talk to, and could not deny the fact that she was very striking. Straight and silky brunette hair framed her oval face. Large, expressive eyes accented perfectly proportioned facial features. I saw at once that she could be passionate and powerful, both giving and demanding, in the blink of an eye. She found me intriguing, too, and our conversation lasted well beyond the hour she had scheduled.

Finally, at around 4:00, she paused, seemed to collect her thoughts, sat back in her chair and gazed at me intently. I willed myself to exude an air of confidence and peace of mind, while my internal organs twisted with stress over what would happen next. This woman controlled my future and I was completely at her mercy.

"I think I've covered everything I intended to, Sam. I have come to the conclusion that you would indeed be a good fit for us."

"Thank you. I also feel that I would fit in well here."

She smiled briefly as if to consider the double entendre. "The Board has authorized me to offer you the position of Vice President of eBusiness Strategy. In this role you would be responsible for hiring a staff to implement your vision."

"Please, go on."

"We are prepared to offer you a salary of $175,000, plus bonuses, of course."

"Intriguing."

"In addition, we will provide full moving expenses."

"Equitable"

"Regarding your condo in New York, we are interested in purchasing it to use as corporate lodging for our executives and customers. We are prepared to offer full market value, plus 10%."

"Generous."

"Well, what do you think?" she asked.

I pretended to think about it a minute, then stood, leaned over her desk, extended my hand and said, "Linda, I accept. Thank you for your offer."

She seemed to be relieved. The Board must have really wanted me, I thought. She suddenly appeared much more relaxed. "I'm very glad we could come to an agreement, Sam."

"Me too."

"How soon can you start?"

"Well, I have a few things to wrap up in New York first. How about two weeks from yesterday."

"Perfect," she beamed.

We continued to chat in a much more casual fashion then, and when I noticed the time, it was 5:30. "My goodness, time has certainly flown this afternoon."

"Yes," she agreed.  "It is getting late.  Will you excuse me for a moment?" She got up and walked to her door. I couldn't help but notice how her firm breasts jiggled slightly beneath her tight black sweater. She peered through the door into the general office area giving me an ample view of her curvaceous ass tightly bound by her short plaid shirt as she leaned out her door. She quickly shut the door then, and whirled back toward me just before I had time to avert my eyes from her ass. She smiled in satisfaction, crossed her arms and sauntered toward me.

"Well, what do you know?" she mused. "Everyone else has left for the day."

"Hmmm, imagine that."

"You know, Sam," she said as she walked in a slow arc toward me, "we just have a few more details to iron out."

"Like?"

"Well do you remember what I said earlier about determining whether you were a good fit?"

"Yes?"

"Well, the Board has left it entirely to my discretion to make that determination."

"And you already said that you thought I would be good fit."

"Exactly! I thought you would be a good fit. Now I need to determine beyond any doubt if you are a good fit." Her alluring expression made it very clear exactly what she intended to fit and where.

"Oh my, Linda. I'm not sure if I can comply with that request."

"Why not? Don't you find me attractive?"

"Why, of course I do, but -"

"And weren't you just admiring my ass moments ago."

"Well I must admit that -"

"And how about these?" She lifted her sweater over her head exposing large, firm breasts contained by a lacy red bra.

"Very nice, there's no question, but -"

"Come here, Sam," she ordered. Involuntarily I got to my feet. My own cock then betrayed me. The sight of her full breasts almost spilling out of the top of her lacy red bra stirred my cock to half-hardness. It was pushing out the thin material of my trousers and she was eyeing it lasciviously. "Come here to me, Sam," she repeated.

I dumbly obeyed and walked up to her in the middle of the room.

She leaned toward me and blew softly on my face through her glossy red lips. Her breath smelled sweet. Her hands moved to my crotch and gently caressed my growing cock through the thin material. Stay down, boy, I thought. But my cock always did seem to have a mind of its own.

"Ooooh," she breathed, "not even hard yet and pretty big. You might just be a good fit after all." She continued to fondle my cock through my trousers, and then slowly lowered the zipper as she breathed on my face. She reached into my pants and extracted my betrayer. As much as I did not want to go through with this, I could not deny that her soft hands stroking the flesh of my extended cock felt pretty good. Then she turned around with her back to me without letting go of my cock. She stroked it gently and moved the growing head up and down the fabric of her skirt against her firm ass.

"Sam," she whispered over her shoulder.

"Yes, Linda?"

"Unzip my skirt." She continued to fondle my firm cock while, trancelike, I lowered the zipper from her waist to the middle of her ass. "Take off my skirt." I reached down to her mid thigh to grasp the hem of her skirt. She wiggled her ass seductively to assist me as I pulled it down. It dropped to her ankles. She stepped out of it and kicked it aside. Now she dragged my cock head tortuously along her ass crack through her red silk panties.

"Undo my bra." I moved my hands slowly up her back, feeling the softness of her skin. I willed myself to stop this, but couldn't. "Undo it," she repeated. I released the clasp of her bra and watched, mesmerized, as she shook her shoulders and it fell to the floor. Standing with her back to me she held my hard cock firmly in her hand behind her. With the tip, she pushed the waistline of her panties down and leaned back toward me. My cock head felt the warm softness of her ass cheeks. She continued to move it up and down along her crack feeling it throb in her hand. She leaned back into me. Beyond the control of my own will, my lips dipped to the soft, fragrant flesh of her long, graceful neck. She leaned against my shoulder and moaned, "That's right, kiss my neck. That feels good. "

Again, as if watching myself from afar, and screaming, No, Sam, don't do it. I moved my hands around to her front and began caressing her large breasts. She moaned with pleasure as I twisted her nipples in my fingertips and caressed large handfuls of her soft mounds. When she pushed down on my stiff rod as far as she could and forced it down her ass crack, the sensitive head felt the first droplets of moisture beginning to escape to her outer pussy lips. She slowly spun around to face me, and without losing grip on my member, looked into my eyes. I'm sure she saw a glazed, vacuous expression. I felt tortured, helpless, and horny all at the same time.

"Your cock feels so good in my hand, Sam. It's so nice and big and hard. I can hardly wait to feel it in me, but first we've got to get you out of these things." I stood there in a trance, silently berating myself for my lack of will power, but simultaneously reveling in the sensual feelings this woman was providing.

She kissed my neck and unbuttoned my shirt, all while stroking my cock. "Take off your jacket," she said. I shrugged it off my shoulders and it slipped to the floor. "Take off your tie." I immediately tore it off. She released my cock for just a moment as she undid my belt and unbuttoned my slacks. They slipped to the floor and I kicked them aside.

"Well here we are, in nothing but our underpants and socks. What do you think of that?"

"I'm not sure what to think right now, Linda."

"Follow me, Sam," she commanded. She moved toward the large leather couch against the wall, firmly gripping my cock. I had no choice but to follow numbly. She sat down on the couch and held my cock inches from her face. She began to speak to it as if I wasn't there at all.
