 I had to give the good news to Rhonda, but I was so ashamed of myself that I dreaded seeing her. My elation at getting a full-time job with Consolidated was tarnished by my embarrassing lack of will power. I drove around the town aimlessly for about an hour. I covered every street in the small community. Gradually my spirits lifted when I realized that this charming little town was going to be my town! I resolved to come clean with Rhonda, and headed out of town toward her place.

With my emotions in turmoil, I climbed the stairs to her farmhouse and knocked on the door. A look of happy surprise lit up her face as she recognized me. She threw her arms around my neck and cried, "Oh Sam! What a nice surprise! What brings you back to town already?"

I held her close, marveling at the firmness of her breasts through her loose fitting sweatshirt. Releasing her from my embrace, I looked into her eyes and said, "Rhonda, I didn't want to tell you I was coming to town until I found out how things were going to turn out."

She looked at me with a confused expression. "What do you mean? Why don't you come in and sit down, Sam, and tell me all about it." She led me to her couch and brought us both large glasses of scotch on the rocks, before she snuggled up next to me and said, "Now, tell me. What's all this mystery about?"

"Well, sweetheart," I began. "I've got good news and bad news."

"Okay," she said worriedly. "I hate bad news. Let me have the good news first."

"Alright. I got a call from someone at Consolidated yesterday in my office.  The Board loved my ideas and they wanted to talk to me about coming on full time."

Her eyes lit up. "That's great!" she exclaimed. "And?"

"And I flew in this morning to meet with Linda Traverti. Do you know her?"

"Yes, very well."

"Anyway, we had a long interview and she offered me a great position."

"Awesome!"

"Yeah, I'm the new Vice President of eBusiness Strategy!"

She hugged me tightly and exclaimed, "Oh, Sam, that's fantastic!"

I filled her in on the details while she nodded happily and hugged me close. After a while, she sat back and asked, "But Sam, what about the bad news?"

With downcast eyes I said, "This is the hard part. It's going to be hard to tell you, and I'll understand completely if you throw me out on my ear afterwards. But I just couldn't begin our life together with lies and secrets."

"I agree. There's no alternative to total honesty. C'mon, you can tell Rhonda all about it."

"Well here goes. After my interview with Linda, she changed before my very eyes from a respectable, professional businesswoman to a dominating nymphomaniac. I tried to resist her but she wouldn't take no for an answer." I spilled my guts after that, telling Rhonda all about how Linda had seduced me and forced me to eat her out and fuck her. I ended my story by sobbing into Rhonda's soft breasts and pleading, "Can you ever forgive me?" I buried my face in her mounds and waited for the worst.

"Sam, you may be surprised to hear this, but Linda Traverti is notorious for doing that with all new hires."

"She is?"

"Yes. In fact she seduced me on my interview, too."

"She did?"

"Yep, before I got out of there, she forced me to lick her pussy for hours until I made her come. Then, she pulled a vibrating dildo from her desk drawer and made me fuck her with it while I nibbled her clit and gave her another orgasm."

"Wow," was all I could say.

"In fact," she confided, "I must admit that I kind of enjoyed it!"

Relief washed over me and we both started laughing. I added, "It's nowhere near as sweet as your pussy, Rhonda, but I thought her cunt tasted pretty good, too."

"Well, it's settled then. I'm not throwing you out on your ear. Both of our skeletons are out of the closet and we can get on with our life together!"

"Alright!" I exclaimed.

"What the heck," Rhonda laughed. "Maybe we can invite her over some time when we're looking for a raise!"

We lost ourselves in each other after that and made long, slow, luxurious love on her front room couch. Later we moved to the bedroom and continued to satisfy each other in ways that defy my ability to describe. Two weeks later I moved into her cozy farmhouse and we began our lifelong honeymoon together.