 Thanks to LarryInSeattle and Cheer_Smartie526 for editing and some constructive criticism, it made the story much better. As always please rate the story and let me know what you thought about it.







Fiona turned off the shower and grabbed her towel from the hook on the wall. She ducked her head down and draped the towel over it, then began to vigorously massage her scalp. When it was somewhat dry, she wrapped the towel around her body and walked out into the bedroom. 

She opened the door to her closet. There was a rack on the door where she hung her necklaces, but this morning there were two additional items. Suspended from a hook in the middle of the rack was a black leather riding crop and a black silk blindfold. Fiona was suddenly aware of Frank's presence behind her. She felt him tug at her towel and it fell to the floor. The blindfold wasn't just a sleep mask with an elastic band. It was a silk ribbon with a padded section in the middle. Fiona liked this kind of blindfold because it had to be tied. She liked the deliberate effort required to put it to use. The masks with the stretch bands seemed cheap by comparison. She reached out and touched the riding crop. The handle was smooth leather and had a polished silver cap on the end. The shaft was much rougher with a ridge that spiraled down its length. Fiona began to think about what it would feel like to have the shaft rubbed against her rapidly swelling nipples. At the end of the shaft was a leather flap. It was smooth and buttery soft, but something inside it was stiff. She could easily imagine the sound it would make when it slapped against her skin. Fiona turned around to face Frank. His form was silhouetted against the pre-dawn light coming in through the windows. He was clad in a pair of boxer briefs that left little to the imagination and nothing more. 

Frank reached past Fiona and removed the blindfold from the rack. He let the material drape over her shoulder and he retrieved it, then he placed it over her eyes. Hearing no objection, he tied the ends together behind her head. Frank slipped a finger between the material and Fiona's temple, checking to make sure it was not too tight and not too loose. It felt just right. Frank grabbed an elastic band off of Fiona's dresser and gathered her still damp hair into a ponytail, exposing her bare neck. He brushed his lips against her bare skin, causing a quiet moan to escape her lips. Her hair had a tropical sent from the shampoo she had used. 

As she stood naked in front of him, Fiona was surprised at how quickly the sight of the riding crop and blindfold had aroused her. Before she opened the closet door she had been thinking of how she had performed at her morning workout and all the tasks that she wanted to accomplish during the day. Those thoughts vanished when she saw the silk and leather items. She felt Frank's hands on her shoulders, turning her slightly.

"Walk," Frank said.

Fiona complied, not exactly sure where he was taking her.

"Stop," he instructed.

Fiona felt him lift her arms until they were horizontal, then he gave her a bit of a push forward. Her palms were pressed against the wall. The wispy cord for the blinds against her thumb told her she was facing a window. Rationally, Fiona knew that no one could see in. She was aware the windows had a reflective coating on them that blocked the view from outside. Even if they did not, the room was dark and the sun was shining on the other side of the house, keeping her in a shadow. Still she felt a bit exposed standing naked in front of a window.

Frank slipped his foot between her feet and forced Fiona to spread her legs farther apart. He leaned over her shoulder and looked down at her tits. The sight of her stiff and swollen nipples made his cock ache. Frank gripped the riding crop firmly, but he did not touch Fiona with it. He watched her breasts rise and fall with each breath she took, and then he took a half step back got on his knees. Frank wondered if Fiona knew he was just staring at her. Unable to resist his desire to touch her, Frank ran his fingers along the back of her thigh. A quiet moan escaped her lips. When his fingers reached her ass, he rotated his hand and cupped her ass cheek in his palm. Slowly he moved his hand across her body, over her hip until he could feel the neatly trimmed patch of hair just above her vulva. He moved his hand down until his fingers rested on Fiona's labia. She felt hot and wet.

When she felt his hand on her pussy, Fiona moaned again. Then it was gone. Frank wasn't touching her any more. Time crept by as Fiona waited for Frank to do something. The only thing she could feel was his breath on her neck. Then she felt the tip of the riding crop against her throat. It slowly traced a path down until it rested in her cleavage, then it was gone again.

Fiona let out a yelp as the riding crop slapped against the side of her breast. The impact was sufficient to move her fleshy globe, but not so hard that is was truly painful.

"More?" Frank whispered in her ear.

"Yes, yes please, more," Fiona begged, surprising herself with the force of her plea.

The second blow was an inch closer to her nipple; the third was right on the edge of her areola. The fourth leapfrogged over her nipple, slapping against the inside curve of her breast. She felt the riding crop on the top of her tit slowly circumscribe her right breast before turning downward. He had stopped hitting her with the leather implement, instead rubbing it against her skin with a swirling motion as he inched closer and closer to her sex.

Without pausing what he was doing, Frank admired his handiwork. There was just enough light for him to see that Fiona's left breast had a slightly rosy hue to it from the repeated impact of the riding crop. He struggled against the temptation to wrap his lips around her swollen nipples; instead he focused on sliding the leather tip of the riding crop down Fiona's body. When it was just above Fiona's clit, he stopped and slid his shorts to the ground.

She felt his hand on her arm, turning her so the window was on her left, and then she felt the riding crop on her cheek. The leather tip slowly moved over her jaw and onto her neck before coming to rest on her shoulder. Fiona knew Frank was standing right in front of her. The pressure on her shoulder increased. She knew what he wanted.

Frank watched Fiona drop to her knees. She put her hands on his hip and her fingers explored his body until they found his cock. Frank shivered with anticipation when Fiona opened her mouth. He was tempted to push her head forward, to force her mouth onto his throbbing erection, but he instead he stood still and watched. Fiona put one of her hands between his legs and with a feather light touch stroked his balls. Her other hand gently gripped the head of his cock before sliding down this rigid shaft. When she reached the base, Fiona released him and then repeated the motion. Each time she grabbed his throbbing erection, she moved her mouth just a bit closer. Frank could feel her hot breath flowing over his erection. He pressed the riding crop against the back of her neck, encouraging her to move her lips closer to the engorged head of his cock. The pony tail was doing its job perfectly. He had an unobstructed view when Fiona pulled his cock down just a bit and wrapped her lips around it.

It did not surprise Fiona at all when Frank's hand replaced the riding crop on the back of her neck. She had been wondering how long he would let her tease him. He held her firmly in place and he pushed his cock into her mouth. After a few rapid thrusts that almost gagged her she felt him slow down. She felt the riding crop again, this time on the side of her right breast. It tapped against her, each time getting closer to her swollen nipple. She let out a whimper when the smoother leather slapped against her hardened flesh. Frank held it there and began to fuck her mouth again. His hand had moved to her head and gripped the pony tail, occasionally yanking on it. He wasn't pulling her hair hard enough for it to hurt, but he made it pretty clear he was in charge. She put both of her hands on his cock. He was fucking her mouth with long strokes; pulling his erection all the way out of her mouth and then ramming it back in. The well lubricated shaft and swollen head slid easily between her hands.

Each time his cock entered her mouth, Frank inched closer to coming. He had originally planned on the blowjob just being foreplay, but Fiona's warm, soft mouth was giving him a reason to change his mind. He slowed the pace of his thrusting, trying to hold his orgasm at bay. As the head of his cock slid from her firm grip into her wet mouth, Frank realized he was past the point of no return. He knew he was about to come, it was just a question of where. He could come in her mouth, on her face, or on her tits. Frank looked down at Fiona, imagining her cheeks and lips covered in cum. He looked at her breasts and thought about wrapping her tits around his cock and thrusting until they were covered in opaque goo. He felt his balls begin to tighten and realized he only had a few seconds to decide.

"Oh baby, don't stop. I'm going to come," he moaned. He noted that Fiona made no attempt to pull away. Frank decided what he was going to do. He made one final thrust and then his orgasm exploded into his wife's mouth. He felt his cock jerk as it pumped thick, hot cum down her throat.

"Yes, yes, yes, that feels so good," he groaned.

Fiona gulped down every drop of Frank's cum. When the torrent had slowed to a trickle; she pulled his cock back until just the head was in her mouth. She lashed it with her tongue. She could hear Frank moan as she worked the cock with her mouth. When he tried to pull away, she held the shaft of his dick firmly in her hand and continued to lick and suck the sensitive head of his cock.

Frank put his hand on Fiona's shoulder as a shiver passed through his body. He could feel every detail of her tongue, it was almost unbearable. It was pleasure so intense it bordered on being painful. Frank was impressed at the way Fiona had turned the tables on him, but he knew exactly how he would exact his revenge. He pulled on her hair, drawing her head back. His cock slipped out of her mouth. Almost immediately, he missed the sensation of her lips wrapped around his dick.

"Stand up," Frank commanded. He watch as Fiona slowly rose to her feet. He pressed the tip of the riding crop against her right shoulder, turning her to face the window. After a brief pause, Frank pressed the riding crop against the back of Fiona's neck. She leaned forward, putting her hands on either side of the window to keep her balance. Frank watched as her breasts slowly swung forward, away from her body. He could feel his cock beginning to swell again, but he needed just a little more time before he would be ready to fuck his wife.

Fiona heard the unmistakable sound of the window latch being moved to the open position. She felt a rush of cool morning air on her feet. It was apparent that Frank had opened the window, but she could not tell how far. The sounds of the outside world flowed into the room. Fiona could hear birds singing and the noise of a far off highway. What she could not determine was how much Frank had opened the window. He may have just cracked it, in which case she would still be safely behind the privacy film on the glass. Or he may have opened it all the way, exposing the lower half of her body to anyone looking towards their house. One thing Fiona was certain of, any noise she made would probably be audible outside the house.

Once the window was open, Frank picked up the riding crop again. He dropped to one knee behind his wife and pressed the tip of the riding crop against her big toe, then slowly started to drag it along her foot. She giggled when it touched the arch of her foot. Although his eyes were almost level with Fiona's pussy, Frank resisted the temptation to look. He knew the sight of her labia would make it impossible to concentrate on what he was doing. Instead, he continued to drag the tip of the riding crop across Fiona's skin.

Fiona bit her lip to stifle the moan that so desperately wanted to escape her mouth. She could feel the riding crop moving up her leg. She was thinking less and less of how she was exposed in front of the window. Fiona was focused on the small patch of leather as it drew closer and closer to her vulva. She suppressed another giggle as it rubbed against the back of her knee. She resumed biting her lip as it slid along the inside of her thigh along a meandering path, alternating from the front of her leg to the back. When it touched the bottom of her ass cheek, it stopped. Fiona felt completely aroused. She would not be surprised if Frank told her she was dripping wet. For what seemed an eternity, the riding crop did not move. Fiona was about to say something, about to beg Frank to rub the smooth leather patch against her swollen labia when she felt the shaft sliding between her ass cheeks. The tip followed, spreading her cheeks slightly then it continued up her back. As it reached the midpoint of her spine, she felt it take a sharp turn and follow one of her ribs around until it rested at the bottom of her breast.

Standing behind her and looking over her shoulder, Frank smiled as he used the riding crop to lift Fiona's breast. He watched her tit deform slightly as he pressed it into her flesh, then he pulled the riding crop back. Fiona's breast dropped and jiggled a bit. He repeated the exercise with her other breast, then slid the tip back and forth along the bottom of her breast. The sight of her swollen nipples had him mesmerized. The sound of Fiona's voice snapped him out of his trance.

"I want you," she moaned.

The waiting had become almost unbearable. Fiona ached to feel Frank's touch. The riding crop felt good, but she wanted more. Much to her disappointment, all she felt was Frank's warm breath on her neck as the riding crop began to trace a route downwards. It passed over her navel and stopped just below the neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair. She felt the pressure increase, stimulating the clitoral tissue below it. When Frank began to tap it against her skin, she let out a whimper and when he slid it down between her legs, she was unable to suppress a moan of pleasure. She could feel her climax beginning to build. Fiona desperately wanted to feel Frank's cock inside her. He had to be hard again by now. What the fuck was he waiting for?

"Don't make me come like this," Fiona begged, "I want you inside me."

Abruptly, the riding crop vanished. Before Fiona could wonder what would happen next she felt a sting on her ass and a millisecond later, she heard the sound of the riding crop slapping against her skin. It was painful, but not excruciating. She let out a yelp, but did not ask him to stop. Frank hit her again.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" Frank growled.

"Yes, yes, please," Fiona replied.

"Hard?" he teased.

"Yes, fuck me hard," Fiona said, her voice sounding desperate.

Frank lifted the tip of the riding crop off her skin, and then maneuvered his arm between her legs. He could feel the heat emanating from her sex. He carefully placed the leather flap against her skin.

The riding crop returned, once again the tip pressed against her navel. It slowly rotated and the shaft sank into Fiona's body. First it flattened a small grove in her pubic hair, and then it pressed into her mound. When she thought it was impossible for Frank to frustrate her any further, Fiona felt the shaft begin to slide against her skin. It rubbed against her clit, and then cleaved her labia apart. The narrow shaft was followed by the tip. It was wider, but softer. She felt him drag the entire length of the riding crop between her ass cheeks; it seemed like Frank had somehow stretched the riding crop out so it was much longer. Finally the leather patch slipped over her ass and she heard Frank drop the toy onto the floor.

Frank wondered who was more frustrated at this point. His cock had been aching to be inside Fiona for some time, but he had continued to both stroke and strike her with the riding crop. By the time he dropped the toy, the head of his cock had taken on a purple hue and his balls felt like they were about to explode. He put one hand on Fiona's ass and grabbed his throbbing erection with the other. He pulled up on her hip, putting Fiona in the ideal stance to be penetrated. He held the head of his cock a fraction of an inch from her wet slit. He could feel the heat emanating from her sex. 

"Are you ready to be my little slut?" Frank asked as the head of his cock grazed against Fiona's labia.

"Oh fuck yes," she moaned in response.

"What does my little slut want?" he teased.

"I want your big, hard cock..." she pleaded.

"Do you want me to fuck your wet cunt?" Frank asked as he continued to taunt her.

"Yes, yes, please, yes," she begged.

"Say it, say you want my cock in your cunt, you little slut," he insisted.

Without hesitating, Fiona did exactly as Frank demanded. "I want your big hard cock in my hot, wet cunt. I want you to fuck me like a dirty little slut!" Fiona didn't like the word cunt, but at this moment she felt her arousal increase as the word rolled off her tongue.

Without another word, Frank thrust his hips forward, burying his erection completely inside her.

"Oh! Fuck! Yes!" Fiona cried out. For the moment, she did not care what the neighbors heard. Her desire for his cock had been fulfilled.  She felt his palms press against her ass and his fingers dig into her hips. Over and over, Frank rammed his dick deeper and deeper into her cunt until his body slammed against her ass with a loud slap. He was fucking her so hard that his balls swung forward and hit her clitoris. Fiona could feel her breasts flailing wildly. It was decadent, rough, and almost animalistic sex. Fiona loved every bit of it. It was dirty, nasty fucking and it was just what she wanted.

Frank took one hand off Fiona's ass and grabbed a handful of hair, pulling her head back enough that he could see her breasts reflected in the window. He slowed his thrusting but continued to pull his cock almost completely out of Fiona each time his hips moved back. When the tip of his dick penetrated past her labia, nothing else mattered. Frank's full attention was focused on the feeling of her pussy stretching around the head of his cock. As he sank his erection deeper into her vagina, he noticed other things; the way her breasts gently swayed, the moaning sound coming from Fiona's lips, and finally the way her firm, round ass felt against his hips when he was buried inside her.

The stinging pain of Frank's hand slapping against her ass surprised Fiona, what surprised her even more was that she enjoyed it.

"You like that?" he asked.

Fiona remained silent, she wasn't sure if she was ready to acknowledge how much getting spanked turned her on. The distinct sound of his hand on her cheek told Fiona that Frank was taking her silence as a yes. The sensation seemed to travel from the point of impact to her sex, then up her spine and into her brain.

"I think you do," Frank observed. He pulled his hand back and struck her again, reducing the amount of force slightly when he noticed her skin had already begun to turn pink.

Fiona moaned as the pain turned to pleasure as it coursed through her body. She could feel her climax building as Frank continued to ram his cock into her.

"Do you want more?" he asked, slowly dragging his fingers over Fiona's tender skin.

It was only when Frank stopped that Fiona realized how much she enjoyed being spanked. She nodded siliently, unable to vocalize her desire to feel Frank's open hand against her ass.
