 He walked into the room unsure what to expect. This was their first time alone together. Many weeks of teasing and flirting, finally was coming to a close with an actual planned sexual encounter. They worked together and had discussed meeting alone some place secretly and acting on all their wild fantasies. The fact that they were both married didn’t stand in the way of their intense desire for each other.

This day had taken a lot of planning to bring this to reality. Meeting at a hotel and paying cash under a false name, with the agreement to arrive at different times so that no one could form an association between the two. Their attraction for each other was so strong that they were willing to do whatever it took to be alone if even for just a little while.

As he closed the hotel door, he saw that she was already there sitting in a chair off to the side with the shades drawn closed with only a small lamp on for some mild lighting. Smiles were nervously exchanged and she stood to greet him. 

“Hello, I’m glad that you came. I must admit I was very anxious that you wouldn’t show. I know that the guilt weighs heavy on you.” She said as she stepped closer to him. 

“Hi. Yeah, I made it. You are so very tempting to me with your long legs, round ass and sultry lips…” He responded as he reached his arms out to hold her.

Her arms instantaneously wrapped around his neck as their lips lightly touched. They looked deeply into each other’s eyes and without saying a word, joined mouths for a deep penetrating kissed. He caressed her back through her long winter coat as she moved her hands to the zipper of his coat. She unfastened his coat and reached up over his strong shoulders and removed it, letting it drop to the floor. Their unrelenting kisses provided a means for their tongues to dance together as she quickly brought her hands to the bottom of his shirt. She leisurely began to lift up his shirt and pulled it off over his head.

At this point he stepped back and unbuttoned her coat revealing a sexy black teddy complete with thigh high nylons and high heel boots. He took a second look starting at her boots to her long legs, and slowly moving his eyes over her lace-covered torso. He could see the excitement in her sparkling eyes and smiled. 

“All this for me?” he asked as he gazed at her tender looking breasts held back by black lace. He could see her dark nipples through the material beginning to harden. Looking down seeing the garters holding the nylons in place with a tiny thong barely covering her clean-shaven cunt. 

She moved closer to him and let her coat fall in a pile. She took his strong hand in hers and led him to the bed saying, “all this and more. I hope you like all that I have planned for our first encounter.”

He willingly followed. She sat him down on the edge and bent down taking off his boots making sure that he had a good look at her bare ass cheeks. She then held both of his hands in hers and had him stand up again. Without a word, he stood and put his arms around her and kissed her gently on the forehead, and again on the cheek, followed by one on her wanting lips. Their mouths locked into a deep slow kiss as her hands found their way to his pants where she undid them and removed them so that he was exposed before her. Their desire for each other was evident in the air with their breathing deepening and kisses unbridled. After all this time anticipating what this would be like, they each continued to let their hands roam over each other’s bodies exploring. 

She let his hand discover its way to the edge of her panties. His fingers traced the hem down to her warmth. He was intrigued that she was already wet in anticipation. He slid one finger inside and she let a quiet sigh escape. He took her leg and lifted it up to the bed. He kept his finger moving within her as her hands roamed over his well-toned body. Her hands had found his large hard member hot and ready to work. She caressed its’ length and gently massaged his balls.

He took his finger away from its effort and brought it to his eager mouth. She began to suck and lick his wet finger with him leading them to one more deep and zealous kiss.

“I want you so badly. I want to get to know every inch of your hot body. I have wanted you for so very long. To see you naked and to feel your warm flesh against mine and to taste your sweetness.” She spoke as she moved her hands to his chest and pushed him back onto the bed.

He fell and landed on the soft bed with a surprised look on his face. Without hesitation, she straddled over him.

“What’s the matter? You don’t want me now? Do you not like what you are seeing and feeling?” She asked seeing his facial expression change.

“No, I want you too. I want to feel your tight cunt wrapped around my cock and I want to shoot up into the deepest part of you my load of cum that has been building for such a very long time. I am just having a hard time with the guilt.” He confessed.

“I have to deal with the same issues when this is over, but we have already come this far and I am so hot for you now, that I don’t want to stop. I know it’s wrong, but my desire for you is stronger. We can get through this together and worry about the guilt when it’s over.” She rationalized.

“I guess you’re right. We’ve already crossed the line, and may as well continue. I would like to be happy for just a little while, anyway.” He agreed. “I have plenty of time to fret about it later. We’ve come to far now to stop.”

She quieted his talking by using her tongue and lips to explore his mouth making her way down his neck and shoulders. Her fingers found his nipples and teased them as her mouth found the way to his breast too. She sucked on his nipples as they hardened. Her hands lightly grazed over his bare sides as she continued her way down. Her kisses grazed over his stomach and to his hips. Her fingers found the way to his hardness and took hold in preparation for her mouth. She licked her lips to moisten them and moved them to the base of his cock. Her tongue slowly went up his entire length, over its tip and down the opposite side. She moved her tongue back up his shaft and encircled the tip. Her mouth eagerly taking in the tip and sucking it, her tongue tracing over every spot of hot flesh. His cock disappeared when she moved her head down towards him taking it in all in her mouth. 

His hands reached down to her head and toyed with her hair. His breathing deepened alerting her to the pleasure he was experiencing. This turned her on more pushing her to continue her work with much expertise focusing on her goal of pleasing him. She would alternate between going fast and moving slowly, always keeping her lips tight around his member and constantly going deep.

Despite his intense enjoyment, he grabs her hair and pulls her up towards him. She crawled up over him and stopped right above him. He held his dick upright and she squatted down atop of it, moving her panties to the side. She moaned when she took him whole, feeling the tightness of his great size inside her. She put her hands on his chest and began to move herself up and down allowing for the deepest of penetration. Groans of adjustment came from within her as she swelled around his massive cock.

He was enjoying his view. He led his hands to unveil her tender breasts from beneath her black lace. Her dark nipples were already hard. His hands were warm to the touch as he held them and massaged them gently. He bent forward enough to put her nipple in his mouth. He began to kiss her breast, as she stretched back to continue her rhythm with her hands on his strong shoulders. His teeth gently nibbled on her erect nipples one at a time.

She was dripping wet in her excitement. His cock throbbed from his pleasure. She wanted him and he wanted her. Together, they rolled to the side with her lying underneath. He reentered her from above. They were starring at each other intently. Kissing each other expressed their passion well. All of their desires were being fulfilled. She moved her hands over his body softly as she relished the tender way that he performed.

“Oh baby, I’m going to cum. I want you to cum with me.” She pleaded as her body began to tense up.

“Not just yet.” He said between deep breaths.

His thrusts started to come down harder into her with much faster speed. She took her hand and began to frantically rub her clit. Her other hand climbed up to her breasts and fondled them. His eyes watched her touch her body. Her breast glistened from the heat that was being generated. His mouth came down to them and began to suckle on her tits as his movements continued in a very steady pace. She sighed and moaned at the increasing pleasure she was feeling.

He began to push into her with more force as a moan escaped him revealing his impending climax. The sound of him receiving pleasure from her tight cunt excited her to reach her orgasm simultaneously with him. She looked right into his deep brown eyes and only smiled while her hands held him. He lowered his body to rest on top of hers as they both tried to regain a normal breathing pattern. They savored this precious time together holding each other close until they both drifted off to a wonderful sleep.