 I wrote this story for a friend, she's the girl in the narrative. I thought I'd share to see whether anyone else would enjoy reading. All feedback is welcome.

I lay back on the bed, one hand behind my head, and my other arm around Seren's shoulders. Seren was snuggled into my side. I could feel the touch of her naked skin all the way down my side; her boobs pressed against my ribcage and the inside of her thigh thrown over my leg.

***

The call had come pretty much out of the blue. I was home alone for the weekend, my wife and children having gone to London for the day to see the sights and take in a show. I'm not one for musical theatre so I'd opted to stay at home and do a few jobs around the house that I'd been putting off for weeks. Seren rang to say that she was in the area on Saturday evening, as she was dropping her son to her ex-husband for a visit. She asked if I fancied getting together for a catch-up, as we hadn't spoken face-to-face for ages.

Seren is a former work colleague of mine, and continues to be a friend and confidant, mostly by email and instant messaging. After Seren and her husband divorced she moved to the other side of the country, to be nearer her family. Nothing has actually happened between us (although there have been one or two near-misses!), but we've shared many secrets, to the point where we have a pretty-much intimate knowledge of one another.

Seren already knew that I was on my own when before she rang (I'd told her by email earlier in the week), so there wasn't any risk of my wife answering the phone and asking awkward questions. We agreed to meet at a bar near to where she was dropping off her son.

Seren looked fantastic when I walked into the bar. I've always fancied her, right from the first time I met her. She ticks all my boxes; she's blonde, not too tall (around 5' 5" I guess), and has curves in all of the right places. I like a woman who has some shape, I've never been attracted to skinny, waif-model girls. Seren had previously told me that she was unhappy about having put on some weight, and while she was certainly heavier than when I'd last seen her, she was certainly carrying it well (in my opinion at least!). I guess voluptuous would be the right word to describe how Seren was looking. I've always been fascinated by her big boobs, as they're out of proportion with her frame. The extra covering had been evenly distributed, resulting in her boobs looking amazing. I could feel a tingling in the palms of my hands, wondering how they would feel. I looked up and realised that I'd been caught staring at her chest. "See anything you like?" Seren asked, with a grin on her face. "You know it!" I replied, and gave her a big bear-hug.

I ordered some drinks and we found a table. Many drinks and lots of chatting later I asked Seren if she wanted to come back to my house. She agreed, so I organised a taxi. We spent the taxi journey joking and giggling like a couple of teenagers, and this continued as I tried to hold the front door still for long enough to put the key in the lock. Finally I managed to focus sufficiently to get us into the house, and we burst into the hall.

There was a moment of silence while Seren and I looked at one another, then I took her in my arms, and kissed her passionately. Seren was panting when we broke the kiss, and she said "Take me upstairs". With much kissing and caressing and fumbling with buttons and zips we made it to my bedroom, and crawled into bed, where Seren snuggled into my side.

***

We both watched as Seren curled her hand around the shaft of my stiffening cock, and started to pull the skin up and down over the hard core. Once I was fully erect she softened her touch, stroking her fingertips all over my cock, as if she were exploring it, committing it to memory. She cupped my smooth-shaved ball sac in the palm of her hand, tenderly squeezing and moving my balls around. She caught the drop of pre-cum that emerged from the tip of my cock with her thumb, and then rubbed it into the crown. As she did this I could feel Seren planting kisses along the line of my jaw. I turned my head to face her, and we kissed. Our tongues met and danced, while Seren continued to lazily wank my cock. I felt her move the tips of two fingers below my balls, stroking the sensitive spot between the base of my cock and my arsehole. I moaned into her mouth and involuntarily thrust my hips up towards her hand.

Seren broke our kiss, and with a wry smile on her face ran a finger around my arsehole. "Naughty boy!" she said, as she dipped her finger into my arse, just enough to open me. "Do you want me to fuck you in the arse?"

"I'd rather fuck you in the arse" I replied, with a grin, "but I have no objection to sampling the sensation for myself". As I said this I pushed my hips up towards Seren's hand, and opened my legs further. Her finger slid into me a little further, and she began to slowly move it in and out of my arse. Seren kissed me again, thrusting her tongue into my mouth to mimic her finger.

My cock was twitching and producing more precum as Seren fingered my arsehole. Seren leaned her head over my stomach, and caught the thread of precum on her tongue. She licked around the head of my cock, and then sucked the first few inches into her mouth. The twin sensations of her soft warm mouth on my cock with her tongue twirling around the head, and her finger dipping in and out of my arse was unbelievable. I was puffing and panting as if I had just run a race.

Seren lifted her head to kiss me. I could taste my cock on her lips. "My turn now" she whispered. She withdrew her finger from my arse, and gave my throbbing cock a brief squeeze. Seren then threw her leg over my waist and scooted her body onto mine. Her movements had resulted in the tip of my cock coming to rest against her pussy.

I could feel the heat and wetness of her lips, and I twitched the muscles supporting my cock to make it bounce. Seren's labia parted around the head of my cock, and I could feel just how slippery she was.

"Mmm, it would seem that you got turned on by fucking my arse!" I said, as I stroked my hands over her bottom.

"It felt really naughty", she admitted, "sucking your cock and pushing a finger into you at the same time. I'm not sure if I imagined it or not, but it seemed that your cock swelled up in my mouth every time I pushed my finger into your arse".

As Seren made this admission I pulled her bum cheeks apart a little, and felt her lips opening a bit more. With a small movement of my hips I managed to slip the head of my cock into her pussy. Seren pushed downwards, pushing me deeper into her.

"Mmm, that feels fantastic", she said, "but it's not what I want just yet".

Seren sat up and slid her pussy down onto my cock, impaling herself fully and making me gasp. Her pussy felt amazing; warm and wet, with the perfect amount of grip on my cock.

Seren looked like a vision of sexuality sat on my cock. She had a sexy satisfied smile on her face and a hint of a blush at her throat because of her arousal. I cupped her big boobs in my hands, feeling their weight and rubbing my thumbs over the stiff nipples. I pinched the left nipple, making her gasp.

With that Seren shifted her weight, lifting herself off my cock. I could feel the cool air on the wetness that now coated my cock. Seren leaned forwards and kissed me again, as I stroked my hands up and down her sides and back.

Seren moved herself up the bed until she was kneeling over my head. I looked up at her and smiled, enjoying the sight of her parted pussy lips over my face. Seren was sporting my favourite hairstyle. She had shaved her pussy and all between her legs smooth to reveal the velvety pink/brown softness of her outer lips, and the deeper red pouting inner lips; and there was a neatly trimmed strip of hair leading down from her tummy to her clit. I looked up at Seren, and beyond her magnificent boobs with erect nipples I could see her smiling back at me.

Seren then spread her legs a little further, lowering her pussy onto my mouth.

Seren tasted amazing; tangy and sexy. I couldn't get enough of her pussy. I pushed my tongue as deeply as I could into her, twirling it all around her hole and drinking down her free-flowing juices. While I was doing this I reached a hand up to cup her right breast, making her nipple pucker and lengthen.

I made my tongue into a point and began to run it up and down Seren's slit, searching for her clitty under its hood. I could feel Seren starting to move her hips, pushing herself onto my mouth.

I could feel Seren's clitty harden under its hood as I sucked it into my mouth. I felt a fresh stream of wetness on my chin so I sucked a little harder, which drew the top of Seren's lips into my mouth as well as her clit. I could hear Seren panting, and her hips began to move more vigorously, as if she was trying to fuck my mouth with her pussy.

I managed to get a hand up to Seren's pussy, and I slid two fingers into her as I was suckling her clit. I pushed them in and out a few times, enjoying the wet 'squish'; then I rubbed the tips of my fingers around Seren's arsehole.

"Please Mike, shove your fingers in my arse. Let me feel what I was doing to you" Seren said, breathlessly. I'm not one to disappoint a lady so I pushed the two fingers, wet and slippery from her pussy, against her arsehole. After a few seconds of resistance the ring of muscles relaxed, and my fingers slid into Seren's arse. She felt very tight, and the walls felt smoother than the walls of her pussy. I could feel Seren bearing down on my hand, encouraging me to penetrate deeper into her bottom. "Mmmm, feels sooooo good......." Seren said.

As her arsehole relaxed around my fingers I began slowly to pump my fingers in and out of Seren's arse, sucking on her clit at the same time. Her pussy was streaming by now, and every so often I'd run my tongue around her hole to drink in some of her juices. I was also sucking harder on her clitty, and sucking most of her lips into my mouth as well.

I released Seren's clit from my mouth and scooted down the bed out from between her legs. Managing to keep the two fingers in her arse, I turned myself around behind her, and pushed her forwards until her head was resting on the bed. I looked down at Seren's pussy, her lips swollen and a deep red colour. Her labial lips were parted and glistening, like a hungry mouth waiting to be filled. I slowly withdrew my fingers from her arsehole and watched as it gradually close back to a tight pucker.

I reached down and gently spread Seren's lips further. Sensing that I was looking at her pussy Seren pushed her bum upwards, encouraging me to open her further, and allowing me to see deeper inside. I inserted two fingers and stretched her hole open, feeling just how wet she had become as a consequence of having me suck on her clit. I inserted a third finger, and pushed them in deeper. I watched as Seren reached up her hand to stroke her clit, covering it with three fingers of her own and rubbing over her clit and labia at the same time.

I added my little finger, making my fingers into a cone-shape to penetrate her, then pushed my thumb into the hollow of my fingers, so that I could get all five fingers into Seren's pussy. With a grunt she pushed her hips back onto my hand, and my fingers disappeared into her past the last knuckle.

I could feel my fingers brushing past the tip of Seren's cervix, so I spread my fingertips a little and ran them along the sides of her cervix as I pushed my hand in and out of her pussy, rather like the movements Seren had employed on my cock.

I could feel Seren pushing her hips back towards me, encouraging me to push deeper. I managed to bend my fingers around inside Seren's pussy, making a fist. Seren moaned and spread her legs wider. Gently at first I began to slide my fist back and forth in Seren's pussy, slowly fist-fucking her. I gradually increased the speed and pressure, pushing deeper with each stroke until I could only see the heel of my hand protruding from her lips. Seren's pussy had relaxed and opened sufficiently so that I was able to completely withdraw my fist from her and then slide it straight back in. Occasionally I could feel that Seren was touching my hand at the point where it was disappearing into her. "Do you want me to tell you what I'm doing to you?" I asked when I realised that she was getting a thrill from thinking about what I was doing to her as well as from the sensation. "Yesssss......" Seren replied.

"My hand is deep inside your pussy; I'm fist-fucking you" I replied. "I'm pushing my fist between your pussy lips, stretching you wide and filling you completely. When I pull my fist out your pussy gapes open, as if it's waiting for me to shove it back into you".

"Push deeper", Seren replied, panting. I watched as I slowly pressed my fist deeper into Seren's pussy, until my hand was completely hidden from view. Serens pussy lips were closed around my wrist. I could see that Seren's finger was working furiously over her clit.

"Seren, I can't see my hand anymore" I said, "Your pussy has completely swallowed my hand".

I could feel the walls of Seren's pussy beginning to ripple, to relax and then contract, and her breathing was becoming more and more ragged. I slowly pulled my fist back to its fattest point, stretching Seren's lips wide; then I slowly pushed it fully back in.

As Seren came she shouted "OH GOD YES, I'M CUMMING...... FUCK MY CUNT WITH YOUR FIST YOU DIRTY BASTARD". I could feel her pussy alternately squeezing then relaxing around my fist as the contractions ripped through her body, making her buck and squirm, and streams of her juices leaked from between her pussy lips and around my hand to trickle down her legs.

As Seren's orgasm subsided I gently withdrew my hand from her pussy, stroking her labia gently as her hole gradually closed.

Seren flopped over onto her back, panting and red-faced. I lay down next to her and took her in my arms, kissing her gently. "Whew," she said "I needed that!" "There's plenty more where that came from" I replied, making her smile.

***

As Seren's breathing gradually settled, I stroked my hand over her boobs, admiring the size, shape and weight of them. All of the women I've been with (including my wife) have had small boobs, so Seren's 36F pair (I've previously asked her) were an exotic banquet for me. I stroked my fingertips around and around her left breast in ever-decreasing circles in towards her nipple, watching as it became erect again, and feeling the bumps on her aureole become more pronounced. I was fascinated by the size of Seren's erect nipples. As I stroked and teased her nipple it swelled and lengthened. Just looking at it made my mouth water, so I leaned my head down and ran my tongue around Seren's right nipple, leaving a moist trail. I then blew lightly on it, almost a breath, making Seren shiver. "Mmmm", she said, "that feels lovely".

I began to plant kisses on and around her nipple, gripping and pulling her other nipple more firmly between my thumb and forefinger. I could feel Seren's hand against the back of my neck, and I sucked her nipple into my mouth. Seren applied more pressure to my head, almost as if she was nursing me. I was aware that Seren had parted her legs slightly, and I slowly trailed my fingertips back and forth around her left breast and down over her tummy. Seren began to lift her hips, as if she was encouraging me to move lower. I deliberately ignored the invitation and concentrated on pleasuring her right nipple and stroking and sensitising the skin on her tummy. Seren suddenly gasped, and I could feel her stomach muscles fluttering. "Mike.....you just made me cum!" Seren exclaimed. "I've never orgasmed just by having my nipple sucked before!"

Seren placed her hands on either side of my face and kissed me passionately, our tongues dancing. "Fuck me," Seren whispered. "I want to feel your cock in me". "Not just yet" I replied. "I haven't finished making you cum yet!"

***

"Tell me about your favourite fantasy" I said, my hand still stroking Seren's tummy. "I know you've always fancied the idea of fucking another girl. Tell me what you'd do if you were in bed with another girl now".

"I've always wanted to know what it felt like to give another woman the sensations that I love feeling when a man fucks me" Seren said. "I want to know what it feels like to really go to town sucking her nipple, and stroking my hand all around her boob, until her nipple is sensitive enough to send bolts of electricity straight to her clitty. I'd like to run my finger along her slit and feel that I'd turned her on enough for her to get wet. I'd love to rest my head against the inside of her thigh, so that I can watch while I explore her pussy with my fingers, to see how similar or different it looks and feels by comparison with mine."

While Seren was telling me this I had run my fingertips lower, so that I was teasing and pulling on her narrow strip of trimmed pubes. Seren raised her hips up towards my fingertips, unaware that she had done so. As Seren described how she'd explore the pussy, investigating in detail, I mimicked her description with my own fingers, stroking my fingertips up and down her lips, feeling them thicken as they swelled with her arousal, and opened up to reveal her hole.

"I'd stroke her perineum," Seren continued "to see whether she was as sensitive there as I am. Then I'd run my fingertip around her arsehole to establish whether or not she enjoyed that. I love the feeling of a finger sliding into my bum, and I'd like to find out what it feels like to be the owner of the finger sliding in."

Once again, as Seren said this I did as directed, and slowly pushed my fingertip against her arsehole. Seren's breath caught in her throat, interrupting her description, and then my index finger slid slowly into her arse, until it was pushed in as deep as I could. I slowly withdrew it, and my middle finger found her clit.

"I always imagine that she has a big clit that pokes right out from under it's hood" Seren said, "so that I could suck on it like a little cock, and stroke all around it"

By now I was running my fingertip around and around Seren's clit in a circular motion, keeping her hood pulled back with my thumb to maximise the friction. Seren was lubricating copiously, and I kept dipping my finger into her pussy to spread the juices over her clit.

"I'd like to rub her pussy with my nipple." said Seren "It'd be a massive turn-on, both because of the sensation of her clit on my nipple, and it would look amazing. Me with a handful of my tit, guiding it up and down her gaping pussy, spreading her juices around and over her throbbing clitty and rubbing it into my boob. I'd suck her juices from my nipple, tasting her on me. I wonder whether she'd taste the same as I do, or if there'd be any difference."

As Seren said this I pushed two fingers into her pussy to scoop up some of her lube, and then smeared it over her nipple. I cupped her boob in my hand, and offered Seren her nipple. She sucked it into her mouth, and I could see that she was running her tongue around and around, tasting herself on her nipple. When she released her nipple I repeated the anointing with her juices, but sucked her nipple into my own mouth. I however didn't release it, but continued to suck and lick gently as Seren continued talking.

"I'd love to try to see whether I could get my fist into her pussy. I'd really love for it to be her first experience of fisting, so that I could watch the look of surprise and lust on her face when she realised what I was trying to do. I love the feeling of fullness when I've got a fist in me. I want to know what it's like to slide my fist into a pussy, to feel the walls stretch, and the muscles grip around my hand. I'd love to watch her lips stretching around my fist, and her pussy to gape and pout when I withdraw my hand."
