 She walked into the room, to find him sitting in front of his computer, in his spinning office chair... At the sound of her footsteps, he turned, chair and all, to face her.

He looks her up, then down, then raises his eyes again, slowly, so slowly, back to her face. She stops in front of him, one hand on her hip, pure arrogance showing through, in her stance, her bearing, her face. She's good, she knows it... And it shows.

She steps towards him, he starts to rise from the chair, but no, she pushes him back down, spreading his legs and sliding in between them, graceful, elegant, sexy… 

He lets out a guttural moan of anticipation, he can sense her mood, he can feel her excitement, and it fuels his own.

She sits on his lap, and puts one arm around his neck. Leaning forward, she kisses him. Hot. Passionate. Hard.

She turns, so she is straddling him, facing him. She reaches up, and starts to unbutton his shirt. Slowly, provocatively, one button at a time… She reaches the bottom button, and pulls the shirt off his arms, leaving him bare-chested.

She reaches up, and uses his shirt to blind-fold him. Cutting his vision off totally, leaving her in control of the situation.

Placing her elbows on his shoulders, using him as a support, she puts her mouth right next to his ear… He shudders, wait for her to say something…Anything…

She kisses his ear. Bits the top, gently, tugging.

She pulls back, and moves towards his face. He raises his head slightly, to where he thinks her mouth should be, to kiss her on the lips, but she puts her hand to his face, to stop him.

Gently, she kisses him on the right cheek. Moving over a tiny bit, she kisses right next to his mouth. His lips part slightly in anticipation… But she doesn’t kiss him on the lips. Not yet. Instead, she moves to the left side of his mouth, and kisses there, right next to his lips, softly, teasing him…

She works her way down his smooth, hard chest, kissing slowly, softly, teasing her way down…

He finally manages to un-grip his hands from the arm-rests of his chair, and he reaches out to grab her head, to bring it up to his face, but she doesn’t let him. Lifting herself, she holds his hand, and replaces them on the arm rests, pressing down, telling him not to move them.

Moving off his lap, onto the floor, she kneels between his legs. She undoes his belt, and uses that to strap his right hand to the arm-rest. Undoing the button, the zipper, and then pulling his pants down, down his legs, over his bare feet, she then uses the pants to trap his left hand where it is, on the arm-rest. He is now immobilized and totally in her control. Just as she wants it…. and him.

He is sitting where he was when she entered the room, now blind-folded and tied to the chair.

She can see him, straining under his boxers, long, thick and hard, very hard, already. She smiles, a smile of triumph and satisfaction.

She reaches, and holds him, running her fingers up and down his shaft, feeling him jump at the sudden contact, feeling his shudder of pleasure as the satin boxers rub against him. Leaning her head forward, she kisses the tip of his cock through the boxers, just hard enough for him to feel the heat, the pressure of her lips against him. His hips buck up towards her, and he moans, tossing his head to the side, wishing he could see, wishing he could grab her head, and take control… But that’s not happening this time. This time she is in control. And loving it.

She pulls away, waits five seconds, then leans her head in slowly, then kisses the head of his cock again, teasing him…

She reaches her hands in under the sides of his boxers, feeling his heat in her hand. She uses her nails to stroke down, and then up. Stopping at the top, she holds him as she places the head in her mouth, boxers and all. She rolls her tongue around him, moving him in and out of her mouth, hot and cold; he can feel the wetness, the heat, followed by the opposite, cold, and starts to lose control already. She can feel his balls trembling, full, but she isn’t ready. He isn’t allowed to cum yet.

She releases him, and slowly pulls the boxers off, leaving him naked, vulnerable.

She starts removing her clothing, using the removed items to tease him; she runs her scarf round his neck, and her shirt down his body. Dropped her skirt on the floor, and kept her high-heeled boots on.

She pushed her G-string into his right hand, still tied to the arm-rest, and her bra into his left. He holds onto these items tightly, as one would hold a stress-ball, squeezing and releasing.

She smirks as she watches him, knowing he is rapidly losing control of his body, his emotions.

She sits on his lap, lowering herself slowly, until his cock is just at the opening of her pussy, and as he groans, and bucks his hips upwards, towards her, towards the heat, warmth, wetness resting above him, she pulls away, up... Teasing still.

Sweating, trembling, he’s rapidly reaching the point of no return. She is watching him, almost laughing.

She leans her forward, still with her body just above his, and kisses his ear. 

“Having fun…?”, she whispers, sexily, seductively.

He tosses his head to the side, towards her voice, trying to catch her mouth with his, but she pulls away, too fast for him.

She laughs, mocking his vulnerability, enjoying the fact that he can’t move, enjoying her total control of the boy who normally has control over her. Enjoying this reversal of positions…

She holds his face in her hands, and, finally, kisses him on the mouth. He moans at the feel of her tongue pushing into his hot wet mouth, teasing him, twisting and turning around his. He kisses her back, eagerly responding.

She lowers her body, till, once again, she is positioned above his hardness, and he can feel her heat.

Using her fingers, she rubs herself, briefly, quickly, managing to rub the head of his cock at the same time, igniting them both, making him harder than before, ready and willing, causing her to become wetter than she already was, she starts lowering herself, slowly, down onto him, teasing him and herself now, knowing she wants all of him inside her, right now, but dragging the moment out, increasing the suspense and anticipation, till finally, in one sharp movement, he is inside her, all of him, deep deep inside her, she gasps, and stops moving, savouring the sensation of him inside her, filling her up…

She pulls herself up, then down again, and begins to ride him. Up, and down, faster and faster, further and further in, he is moving his body with her, as much as he can still tied to the chair as he is.

She leans forward, her full breasts rub against his chest, and he can feel her nipples harden further at the brief contact.

She’s kissing him now, they’re joined as one, kissing, moving together, inside each other, sharing everything. 

She can feel him tense up, and she knows he is going to cum, she reaches one hand down and rubs herself, wanting to cum with him, she begins to moan, closes her eyes and throws her head back, breaking the contact she had with his mouth.

She puts her left hand on his chest, she can feel his heart beating, her right hand is still rubbing, harder, faster, her clit is hard, and she can feel him, moving with her, in, out, in ,out, faster and harder, they are panting, breathing in sync with each other, calling out each others names, loving each other and what they’re doing.

With a final thrust, deeper inside her than any before, he lets loose, cumming, hard and fast, spurting into her hot, wet pussy.

Feeling him cum, her own orgasm bursts through her body, taking over, forgetting where she is and who she is, forgetting everything but the feeling spreading through her body.

The feelings subside; both of them are left panting, weak and breathless.

She unties his hands, and takes off the blindfold. He looks at her in stunned silence for a brief minute before picking her up, and carrying her out of the office and into the bedroom…