 O god! Her hand was creeping up towards my groin and I couldn’t do a thing about it! I mean our parents were there for gods sake, what did she think she was doing!? I stifled a groan as her fingers started tracing the outline of my cock.

We are sitting (my girlfriend and I) at a table for six in one of the classiest restaurants in town. You see, it’s my parents wedding anniversary and so both our parents and us are out having a meal to celebrate. 

Our mothers are at either end of the table and our dads are on the opposite side to us. So there wasn’t much chance of them seeing but I just cant believe she’s doing this! Although I have thought about doing something like this for years, she has never shown the slightest interest except teasing me mercifully by flaunting herself in the tinniest of dresses whenever we go out. 

Lily is slim and well toned with dusky blond hair that is naturally highlighted from the sun. Her blue eyes sparkle with mischief; her skin is tanned, supple, and fresh. Her lips are full and o so kissable; her long athletic legs seem to go on forever. She is sexy, sassy, and innocent. She just loves to flaunt herself to those around her, making them wonder what it would be like to touch her, to kiss her, to feel her. 

I was brought back out of my dream as I felt her hand slip inside my boxers! How had she managed to undo my trousers without me noticing??!! 

Her delicate fingers encircled my burning tool. 

I was finding it very hard to concentrate on the ongoing conversation when my girlfriend’s hand was down my trousers feeling my cock! I looked at her, only to find her seemingly engrossed in a conversation with my dad. 

“You ok Josh honey? You’re looking a little pale,“ My mother said softly. 

I looked up and gave her a weak smile before replying, “Yeah I’m ok, just feeling a little tired that’s all”

I glanced at Lily who gave me a wicked smile before turning back to her conversation. 

We all ordered some coffee; I hoped the caffeine would calm me down. No such luck. Her fingers burned a path along my straining dick down to my balls. My breath was becoming shallow; I should stop her before this goes to far. But I couldn’t, could I? Instead I reached down (with the intent of stopping her) and held my hand on top of hers. She glanced at me and tentatively started her stoking again.

I can’t believe this; I’m now helping my girlfriend to jack me off!

Suddenly she removed her hand and pushed mine out the way as she zipped my trousers up. O my god, was she kidding? My cock was rock hard and straining against my trousers. Was she going to leave me like this?

Then my senses returned and I remembered where we were, of course she had to stop, I couldn’t exactly blow my load right there in the restaurant could I! 

Lily’s voice interrupted my train of thought as she said to our parents; “Josh and I will just go and settle the bill while you finish your coffee’s.” 

I stood up cautiously, trying not to look as if I was hiding the biggest hardon of my life. 

We headed over to the bar to pay the tab but before we got there Lily took my hand and headed towards the ladies toilets. I was confused but before I had the chance to think about it she was pushing me into a stall and getting on her knees as she unzipped my trousers. 

“ O my god…Lily… we ca… Lily…I…” 

Any words that were once there left my mind completely as my cock was enveloped in Lily’s mouth.

“O fuck…” 

My legs felt weak as I used the wall for support. Her tongue was swirling around my cock, teasing, as pre cum dripped from the head. Her mouth felt like a hot wet velvet cavern as she sucked me deeper and deeper into her mouth. I couldn’t take any more of this, I mean Lily, the most gorgeous, sexiest, most sort after girl, my girlfriend, was sucking my cock in the toilets of this classy restaurant and anyone could walk in at any minute. 

My bulging cock was stuffed in her mouth and she couldn’t get enough of it! As that very thought sped through my mind my hips jerked and I let loose a load of hot sticky cum into Lily’s sexy little mouth. My legs fought to stay standing, but failed as I fell back onto the toilet seat while Lily continued to suck my deflating cock.

“Lily…I…you…we…” 

Before I could get a coherent sentence out she stood up, put her hands on my knees and kissed me. Snaking her tongue into my mouth. And then she was gone, leaving the taste of my seaman on my tongue. I walked back to the table in a daze.

“You really don’t look well Josh” My mother commented as we waved goodbye to Lily’s parents.

When we got home I wished my parents a happy anniversary and excused myself to go to my room, leaving them chatting and laughing with Lily. The thoughts in my heads swirled round relentlessly, the images of the restaurant and Lily sucking my cock burned in my mind. I needed her there with me but how was that supposed to happen when my parents where sleeping just down the hall? 

It turned out that I didn’t have to do anything as Lily seamed to have it all planned out when she arrived in my bedroom half an hour later wearing only a tiny summer dress. The evening was hot and a thin film of sweat clung to her skin making her look as if her skin was shimmering. 

The power of speech was completely lost to me as she closed the door and walked towards me. She stopped a few feet away from the bed and in a slow seductive movement she lifted the hem of her dress and pulled it over her head. I sucked air into my lungs. 

My girlfriend was standing right in front of me without a stitch of clothing on, I felt like an electric current had just shot through me. 

Her body was amazing; it never fails to amaze me.

I released my breath in a rush as I looked at her. Her blue eyes sparkled as she watched my reaction. She moved closer to me, reaching for my hand as she pulled me up. I scrambled to my feet and stood before her, waiting for her to say something. Her eyes watched me as I stood before her. 

I didn’t get it, what was she doing? I held her gaze for as long as I could before I started to squirm and my eyes dropped and concentrated on the floor. I heard her laugh softly as she watched my discomfort. Before I had time to think, her hands had started to slowly unbutton my shirt, my loosened tie was next as she undid the knot and pulled the end sharply. Making me wince as it nicked the back of my neck. 

Her hands then started working on the buckle of my belt. 

If she was planning the same thing as my tie, I knew that this was going to hurt. Sure enough, as the pin dropped from my belt she tugged sharply. I braced myself but as the leather hit my waist I couldn’t help flinching. 

I wasn’t sure but I think I heard her suck her breath in sharply as she saw me flinch. Her soft delicate fingers started unzipping my trousers. They fell in a pool around my ankles. Shortly followed by my boxers. 

Colour swiftly rising in my face as I became more and more embarrassed, standing there in front of her with only my open shirt barely on my shoulders. She placed her palms flat on my chest and pushed upwards, forcing the shirt to fall from my body. So there we were, in my bedroom with my parents sleeping just along the hall, standing naked in front of each other. 

“Mmmmm…so sexy...” she murmured as her hands moved from my shoulders down my chest over my hips, and just before reaching my pulsating cock her hands swerved and came back to my chest before she removed them completely from my body. I glanced up and looked at her. She grinned as if she had been waiting for me to do exactly that. 

She bent down and picked up my tie before rising again. She seemed closer. Her eyes looked right through me, her body was just centimetres away from mine, and didn’t I know it! My cock was throbbing… my skin was tingling in anticipation of her touch. When she did touch me, it wasn’t what I expected at all, her palms rested on my chest before pushing me sharply back onto the bed. The shock made me gasp out. 

Quick as a flash she was on top of me, straddling the lower part of my body, my cock resting on her flat stomach. 

She moved her hands from my chest up my body, pushing my arms above my head… my eyes were transfixed on her breasts as she leaned down and kissed me lightly, It was almost to light to feel. I moved my head slightly and started to kiss her properly. Lily moved her body upwards so my cock slipped between her pussy lips, rubbing against her wetness. I lifted up, trying to get more contact with her pussy. I wanted to feel her hot little pussy surrounding my cock so badly! 

I took hold of her shoulders to push her onto her back but she pinned my hands above my head and brought her mouth down to mine in a rough passionate kiss as she ground herself against me. My mind went black for a second as I arched my back and pushed against her. As I made to move my hand down towards her breast but found I couldn’t move them. I looked up above my head and was amazed to find my hands bound to the headboard.

Ok, how the hell had she done that without me knowing? 

I felt her kissing her way down my chest, just before all thoughts left my mind I realized that’s exactly how she had done it. Control. She controlled me. Everything I did, everything I felt, She controlled. 

With that thought running through my head I shuddered underneath her as she started flicking her tongue anywhere and everywhere but my burning hot tool. 

I was gonna blow a load so big it would make her scream. I was so fucking horny. 

She looked up and tutted at me playfully, “Now, now Josh I don’t think that you should cum just yet”

I moaned softly in protest but the only response I got was a soft little laugh as her tongue went back to circling my nipple. 

As she looked up at me from under her eyelashes I could feel the burning heat of her gaze running over me. I arched up and strained against the ties holding my hands above my head but making no difference to my tightly bound wrists. 

I met her mocking gaze as she flicked her tongue out across the head of my cock, tasting the pre cum that had gathered there. I watched her, as if in slow motion as her tongue made contact with my cock… I inhaled sharply and my body tensed as my orgasm approached. Suddenly I realized that Lily was no longer touching me. 

I looked down just as she sucked one of my balls into her mouth. My breath shuddered out of me as I watched her play with me. But before I could really think about just how horny this was making me, she stopped playing with my balls and started to crawl her way up my body. I was slightly apprehensive as I caught the look in her eye. 

As Lily placed her hands on either side of my body, closely followed by her knees as she straddled my hips. I could feel her wet pussy pressing against me as she leaned forward, her breasts swaying. I wanted to suck those nipples into my mouth and make her moan. 

With quite an effort, I pulled myself up towards her but she stopped me getting to close by keeping her nipples just mere centimetres away from my mouth. I strained to get closer to her peaking nipples but every time I got close she would move back, making me groan in frustration. 

After teasing me for awhile she seemed to become irritated so she leaned forward a little allowing my tongue to flick across her taut nipple for a mille second before I had to collapse back on the bed. 

We repeated this process, each time making me more and more frustrated until I was suddenly able to capture her whole nipple into my mouth. She gasped as I sucked the hard little nub into my mouth, teasing her with my tongue. 

After awhile I had to collapse back on the bed but instead of withdrawing she leaned down with me, keeping her nipple in contact with my mouth. Suddenly I became aware that Lily had started to grind her pussy against my straining cock, her left hand moving gently across my chest, moving her thumb over my nipple, causing a funny sensation to run through me. 

She started to raise herself up slightly, making my cock slip inside her pussy lips every time she raised herself up along the length of my shaft. Making me groan as I felt her wetness against my hard fuck tool. 

The tip of my dick started to slip inside her on every up stroke, making us both moan and hold our breath in anticipation for the next time my cock made its way into her hot little hole. Teasing me for the longest time ever, making me gasp and moan as she teased me mercilessly. 

With my hands tied behind my head, my body tensed and slightly arched, eyes squeezed closed letting the amazing sensations she was causing to run through me. 

Suddenly she stopped moving and reduced all contact between us. I nearly shouted in frustration as I started to open my eyes. Before her striking face came into focus, she took hold of the bass of my cock and slammed it deep inside her. My eyes shot open as my breath was expelled from my body. I gasped for air as her pussy started to constrict around my throbbing dick. 

My mind was buzzing with horny energy. I tried to lift my hips to push my cock deeper inside her but she would anticipate my move and lift herself up, teasing me unforgivably. 

She had never been like this before, I mean she liked to tease me constantly both during sex and just in general but she had never been like this, controlling, teasing, and never letting up.

Usually I can catch her out, find a weak spot in her plan, but this time she was totally and utterly in control and I couldn’t do a thing about it.

My eyes were drawn towards Lily; I watched her sitting on top of me, my cock buried deep inside her, eyes half closed, half watching me. 

She just sat there, rocking slightly as she brought her hand up to her mouth and slipped her middle finger enticingly inside her mouth and sucked on it for a minute before letting her hand move down over her breast causing herself to moan as she paused momentarily to pinch her nipple. 

As her hand started moving down again, I could see her itching to just get it over and done with and move quickly but making herself go slow, teasing herself, and me. 

After moving her hand over her soft taut skin she moved down towards her pussy. As her middle finger connected with her clit she sucked her breath in and bucked her hips forward, making me grunt as she pushed against my cock. 

I moaned just from watching her touching herself, it was so sexy watching her, in her own little world of pleasure as she played with her pussy. 

As I watched her, I was overcome with a craving like feeling as I realised I couldn’t touch her, couldn’t touch those amazing breasts, couldn’t suck one of her nipples into my mouth, feeling it getting hard as I flick it with my tongue, hearing her moan, feel her press against me.

Ooo… fuck I just wanted to touch her so much! 

As she started to rock faster against me I gasped as the tension in my cock became almost unbearable, when she started moaning my name and telling me how fucking hot I was. I thought I was going to pass out with ecstasy. 

Suddenly I felt her pussy start to clamp around my cock as she started to cum and I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer. 

As her orgasm rocked her body I was in heaven with the amazing feelings going through my cock.

“O god Lily, I cant…I cant... O fuckkk.. I’m cumming…arhhhg!” I groaned as hot sticky cum shot from my dick into the depth of her sweet, sexy pussy. 

The orgasm I experienced right then was more powerful than I have ever experienced. My mind went blank from the second my cum started pumping out of me to when I started to come back down to earth and collapsed back on the bed. 

I heard her moan softly as she rested against me. After a while I felt her reach up and untie my wrists from the headboard and experienced sweet relief, as my hands were released from their constrictions. My hands fell to her body immediately. To be able to just touch her, feel her skin beneath my fingers was an immeasurable pleasure I just hadn’t expected. 

She pushed against my hand softly like a kitten, who just got the cream.

End 

I think I will dedicate this story to a Mr L Summers just purely for revenge. lol

Please vote for my story and any others you read! Any comments on this story or suggestions for further stories are most appreciated. 