 I hate being the designated driver, and hate being such a pussy that I accept that once every few times it's gonna be my turn again. You have no control when you're sober, stuck doing whatever everyone else wants. Basically it means I stand around drinking orange juice and making small-talk, waiting for the night to end because I know you can't get some for yourself. Tonight was no different. There were about seven or so of us at this seedy dive in the middle of nowhere. I don't know whose fucking idea it'd been to go there, but I was pretty much stuck until Paul, Tom and his girlfriend Suzie wanted to go home. Paul was dressed like the dippiest shit for some reason or another, and so there was no way we'd get into any place with any real class anyway.

It was about 1am and I was sitting at our table, tossing cold chips into a half-empty beer glass in between watching the skanky talent on the floor. There was no way that some of that stuff was legal, but I had to appreciate it, for what it was worth. 

I felt a hand on my shoulder and twisted to see Tom standing there, a little wasted but with that earnest expression of his.

"Hey, can you take Suzie home? She's... not feeling well."

I could see the tight little package that was Suzie standing near the door, arms crossed and looking pissed off as all hell. I knew she had an attitude, and I certainly wouldn't want to get on her bad side. I don't know how Tom handled her, especially with that evil eye of hers, but I bet that she spread those legs and used that cunt of hers to fuck like a goddamn jackrabbit. I looked back at Tom.

"And I suppose you want me to come all the way back here and pick you guys up later, take you back home like a good little delivery monkey?" I said, sweet as pie. It wasn't really a question.

"Nah, don't worry 'bout it," he said, missing the sarcasm, "Paul and me are gonna crash at Wes' joint. It's just near by here."

I turned back around and saw Paul and this guy Wes lining up at the bar. It all became clear. Suzie knew and couldn't stand Wes and there was no way she was going to spend even a single moment of time she didn't have to with him around, let alone crash at his house and have Tom try to give her a limp-dicked fuck on his floor in the middle of the night.

"Sure, I'll take her home then," I said, seizing the opportunity to get outta there. There were the usual heartfelt goodbyes and handshakes that only alcohol can produce before Suzie and I finally got outside. There were no clouds and it'd gotten chilly. Suzie was like a suppressed ball of anger. Her fists were clenched and she positively stalked to the car, those tight butt cheeks sliding across one another, hidden by only a few inches of white leather. The cold had made her tits quite perky, as I saw as I glanced over whenever we passed beneath a street light. Life has its little benefits.

We got in and strapped on our seatbelts. Hers ran over her chest, between those tits, making them look even more pronounced.

"Okay, so where do you live?" I asked her.

"You don't know where I live?" she said, doubtfully.

I shook my head. "No idea. Never been there." And to my surprise, instead of taking my head off, she laughed. It was the most unexpected and delightful thing I'd heard that night.

"It's okay. I'll show you the way," she laughed. "It's back that way. Do a u-turn and get onto the tollway." Great. I had to pay to take her home. But still, there was that laugh - and that body. My dodgy CD player finally found the track and began to play as we drove off. 

We didn't speak for a few minutes before I noticed her kinda looking at me, considering me.

"What?" I asked

"Oh, nothing," she said, obviously not meaning what she said.

"No, really what?" I asked again.

"How come you never have a girlfriend?" she blurted.

"I do have girlfriends," I said defensively, "Just... infrequently and... not for any great length of time."

She laughed again and punched me in the shoulder. "You're funny. I like you."

"You're welcome," I replied, grinning.

We were silent for a little while longer before Suzie spoke again.

"Hey, you want a blow job?" My cock immediately twinged into life. From just anyone or from her? Now or at some time in the future? While I wouldn't usually ever realistically consider cutting another man's sandwich, especially a buddy's, the meat was out on display now.

"Say what?" I said, not really taking her seriously, just offering to move back a step.

Suzie suddenly undid her seatbelt, reached over and rubbed her hand over my the bulge in my crotch, and whispered in my ear, "You know what? I'm gonna give you a fucking blow job in this car and you're gonna fucking sit there and fucking enjoy it. Okay?"

I'd read something somewhere, probably in a women's magazine, that said that it took at least eight seconds for your dick to become erect. I don't know how much time had just passed, but it was fucking hard now. She undid my belt, the button and the fly of my pants, and then pulled my underpants off my straining dick, which sprung into position like steel.

"Nice and easy," she said, wrapping her fingers around my cock and gently masturbating me, just to get a feel of it.

"Do you want me to uh... pull over?" I asked with the small piece of rational mind I still possessed.

"No fucking way. I keep blowing only while you're still going!"

With that thought in mind, I watched the back of her head as she went down on me, felt her place a small kiss on the tip before licking up and down its length. Then, she wrapped her lips around the head and started bobbing up and down, sucking me like a lollipop. I gripped the steering wheel tightly and tried to pay enough attention to the road not to crash and kill us both... but she was so very sweet.

So it shouldn't have been a surprise to me when I slid across two lanes of the tollway and was moving into the service lane, but it was. When this realisation dawned, I hurriedly jerked the car back onto the road. Suzie paused her ministrations long enough to say, "Pay attention, junior," as an admonishment. To what, I wondered.

As I somehow managed to pay my attention to her and the road, I started stroking her hair and couldn't help but let out what was on my mind. "Oh god, You are such a bitch," I told her as her tongue ran circles around the head, "Such a bitch. Such... a... fucking... good... dick-sucking... bitch!" It was all true, and the truth spurred her on to new depths. "Oh baby, you're such a bitch," a repeated as my mantra as she blew me into oblivion. "... Such a bitch!"

She was so hot and I couldn't hold off much longer. "Oh baby, I'm gonna cum soon." Her only response was to grip her lips tighter around my cock, reach into my underpants and start rhythmically squeezing my balls. It was so close, and my body just did what came naturally. I held the back of her head in place and just started thrusting into her, using her face as a fuckhole.

My hips locked straight and I grunted as I violently shot my cum down the back of her throat. "That's right, bitch! Take it!" I grunted at her between gritted teeth. I kept her head in place as I made a couple more thrusts for another couple of streams of cum before I could let her go. Suzie sat back up, but kept massaging my dick and balls as she wound down the passenger window, hawked and spat out what she hadn't incidentally swallowed.

I wound down my window to get some fresh air of my own, some calming breaths. After a moment, I looked back at her. "Hey Suzie, you didn't just blow me because you're pissed off at Tom, did you?"

Suzie smiled and continued to idly masturbate my sore and softening cock, spreading the last of my cum around. "Take the next exit," she told me, and continued to give me directions until we pulled up at her flat.

"Suzie..." I began.

"Hey, thanks for the lift, okay?" she said before getting out and walking around to my side of the car. She lent on the door. "I'll catchya round," she whispered with a sex-kitten smile, before turning away.

"Suzie, I want to fuck you so bad," I said to her retreating behind. She paused, turned around and came back to me, resting her hands on the door frame.

"Yeah, I know you do. You want to come upstairs with me... like it's for coffee perhaps? Then you want to feel me up, grope my tits, push me on the floor, strip me naked and fuck my cunt until you got nothing left, don't you?" I started to open my car door, but she shoved it closed again. "Well, you can't. Sorry," she said, offhandedly.

"Suzie...?"

She again turned away, run up the steps to her flat and disappeared inside.

"Shit," I said to myself, amazed at the events of the night. "Shit!" I readjusted my jocks, folding my dick back inside and hoped that I hadn't got cum all over the front of these new pants before doing up my fly, button and belt.

"So are you comin' in or what?" It was Suzie, standing at the top of the steps. What the fuck was this girl's deal? "Yes or no?" she called, "Either way, boy." God-fucking-dammit! I looked back at my groin and back at Suzie. If it was my cock that girl wanted then she'd damn-well get it. There was no way I was going to be a pussy and not fuck her tits off. Some offers just can't be passed on.

"Shit!"

I wound up the windows and got out of the car. Dashing up the stairs two at a time, I meet her at the first floor. "This way," she said, leading me up another flight of stairs and inside her flat. She closed the door and I immediately grabbed her hips from behind, nestling my dick between the cheeks of her arse. I kissed her neck and ran a hand over her tight stomach, moving upwards to squeeze one of her tits before she pulled away from my grasp, stepping across the room. 

"So, you want to take off those pants or what?"

Did I need to be asked twice? As quickly as I could, I kicked off my shoes - no mean feat considering how much of a hurry I was. I yanked down my pants, stamping on them to step out of them as they clung to the sweat on my legs. "Whoa, slow down there, tiger," Suzie interjected, smiling. "Take it easy. Just wait for me a little."

In every way I wasn't graceful, Suzie was. Languidly, she pulled her top over her head to reveal the lacy push-up bra beneath. As her hair fell out of her top and back around her shoulders, she tossed the top away. "Like what you see?" she asked, holding her B cups. "Think you can do better?" she asked as she squeezed them gently.

"Oh fuck yeah," I said. Oh, she was a cock-tease alright, and mine was fit to burst with the strain in my jocks. She reached behind her back and undid her bra, lithely slipping out of it, tossing it onto her top. Watching her exposed tits jiggle, perky in arousal, I unbuttoned my shirt. It was a fucking longsleeved one that I had to undo at the wrists too, and it was not coming off gracefully. How the hell did women manage to do these things with grace? Fuck grace, I thought, pulling off my underwear hurriedly.

Suzie undid the belt on her skirt and it slipped to the floor. That was enough for me; Enough waiting, enough games, enough of her in control. She looked a little startled as I stepped over, grabbed her arse and pushed my dick against her stomach. "This is what you want, isn't it, you skanky little ho!" I whispered hoarsely at her as I crudely took off her underwear. She just looked at me, giving me the evil eye, knowing it was my move.

As the lace fell beneath her knees, I moved back up and ran a finger outside her pussy, over the neatly trimmed hair and back down again before slipping it into her slippery cunt, watched her watch me as I masturbated her. Gradually, as I rubbed the little ridges of her g-spot, her mouth lost that pissed off expression and her eyes began to glaze over a little. I started to move a little faster, in and out, in and out, in and out. Soon, my pace was matched by her breathing, hot against my face.

Before she could get too comfortable, I slid my finger out and put my hands on her shoulders. "Down," I told her, and she sunk to her knees, immediately taking my throbbing cock in her mouth. I let her suck me, run her tongue over the underside, use her hands to jerk me off, massage my aching balls again... but not for long.

"We've played that game already, Suzie," I said, smiling. "Down," I instructed, pushing her to the floor and lowering myself on top of her. I spread those legs of hers with mine and then just went for it, spearing her wet pussy with my dick up to the hilt in a single, powerful thrust. I watched her gasp, grimace, before again she calmed down and just watched me, hating me with those eyes of hers. My response was to pull back and grind my way back into her, see how much the bitch liked it. Again and again I ground my dick into her as again her eyes glazed over and then closed as she fell into the experience.

I built up a rhythm fucking and soon we were both panting, her little gasps contrasting my rasping breaths. "Do you like that?" I kept asking her. "Do you like it when I fuck you?" With broad movements, she shook her head from side to side, up and down with my thrusts. "Do you like it when I fuck your cunt, bitch? Do you like that? Do... you... fucking... like that?!"

She began murmuring and moaning in her breaths as I continued pumping, thrusting, grinding, probing her with my body and my words. "No," she murmured, her head still moving side to side. "No," she said a little louder as I continued fucking her. "Nooo," she forced out as her pussy spasmed and she grabbed my butt with her hands, arching her back, cumming with an unintelligible grunt that extended into a satisfied, stuttering moan of pleasure.

"That's right, baby," I told her as she gasped for air, "You like it just like a bitch, but we're not done here." I slid out and off her as she lay on the floor, taking deep breaths, glistening with our combined sweat. "Turn over," I told her, but she just lay there. "Suzie, turn over," I told her again as I rolled her onto her stomach. I slapped her arse playfully. "Now girl, up on your knees." Sluggishly she responded, pushing that lovely, taut arse in the air and was ready again.

I guided my cock into her cunt again and grabbed her hips, built up the motions, pistoned my dick into her like she was a mere fuckdoll. Her moans started again, getting louder as I increased the pace. I fucked her faster than I could swear at her as my heart thundered, the blood pumped in my head, and my balls surrendered and I came with more force than I ever had before, shooting huge wads of cum deep inside. She screamed soundlessly as her cunt gripped me like a vice, extracting every last drop that I could pump into her. And she would get every drop I had.

At last, I slipped my dick out of her and lay panting on the floor, nothing left to give. I watched as, after a moment, Suzie unsteadily stood up, walked over and picked up my pants, using them to wipe off the cum that oozed down between her legs. Then she reached into the pocket and pulled out my wallet. Opening it up, she took whatever notes were in it. "I'm gonna take this," she said, showing them to me, "My rent's due tomorrow and I'm a little short."

"You don't take Visa?" I asked wryly as I sat up.

"Screw you," she said, opening the door and flinging out my wallet, shortly followed by my pants. "Now fuck off."

Who the hell knows why she let me fuck her. She split up with Tom soon afterwards, so it was probably just one of those things women do to help a break-up. Who can figure them anyway?