 Chris and Janine had just met after the summer after High School. They had made fast friends and when summer ended and their friends went away to college they had stayed home. As the first semester went by they relied on each other heavily during the stress. Janine asked Chris about everything, what to do for a college job, what classes to take next semester, what to wear on a date. He also asked her for advice about women and she always delivered, she knew what he should wear and where to go for a date, and she always knew when it was the right time to make a move. 

As finals were winding down at the end of freshman year down Janine called him late. 

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Writing papers," he groaned, "what else does a history major do?"

"I need your advice," she said.

"Yea," he said as he took a sip of coffee, "shoot." 

"You masturbate right?" she practically whispered.

"Um," he said almost spilling his coffee, "what?"

"You masturbate right?" she asked again a little louder.

"Yea," he said slowly sensing this was some kind of trap or joke.

"Guys just use their hands right?" she asked.

"I do," he said, "I can't speak for all guys." 

"Ugg," she groaned, "being a woman is so hard."

"What is this about?" he asked.

"I've been rubbing my clit for hours and I can barely get wet," she sighed.

"So what, you want advice?" he asked.

"Yea," she said, "when you're with a girl what do you do?"

"Well," he said, "I usually don't start by sticking my hand down there, there's touching and kissing."

"Well I can't touch myself," she said, "It's not the same."

"Have you tried watching porn?" he asked.

"Yea it's not working." she said, "I'm so stressed I just need an orgasm."

"You can't get a booty call?" he asked, "or did you want me to come over?" 

"No," she said, "and I don't know you're like a friend."

Chris leaned back in his chair resigned to the idea that he wasn't getting any work done until Janine was satisfied.

"Close your eyes," he said.

"Why you're not going to surprise me with anything?" she said. 

"Do it," he said getting frustrated.

"Ok," she said, "eyes are closed."

"I assume you're naked or close to it," he said.

"No," she said, "why, should I be?"

"Take off everything but your panties," he said, "and then get on your bed and put your phone on speaker." 

He heard the phone hit the nightstand and some shuffling before she spoke again.

"Ok," said Janine.

"Now with your eyes closed," he said, "slowly run your fingertips over your skin, anywhere you like to be touched." 

He waited for a while as he left her to it.

"Rub your breasts," he said, "softly, then pinch your nipples a little." 

There was a faint whimper on the other end.

"Rub yourself down there," he said, "over your panties."

"If you have a vibrator I would get it," he said.

"Don't have one," she moaned, "can I take my panties off yet?"

"When I say so," he said, "when you can feel how wet you are through your panties you can take them off."

"I'm ready," she moaned.

"Rub yourself underneath," he said, "but only for a bit, then slowly finger yourself."

Chris waited as he heard her moans quietly through the phone. 

"Thanks," she muttered before she hung up."

Great, now he had to masturbate too.

Janine said nothing about it after and Chris thought it was best to let it slide. As the summer came and went Chris and Janine each had more than enough attention from everyone who was home from school to keep them happy. About a month into sophomore year Janine called him late at night again.

"Hey," she said, "I hate to do this again."

"Do what?" asked Chris as he muted his TV.

"I need to masturbate again," she said, "I'm better at it but that night on the phone, it's been two weeks since I've been taken care of." 

"So you want me to walk you through it?" he said.

"I want something different this time," she said. 

Chris took out his computer and looked for videos of women masturbating. He found a video of a woman humping a pillow and sent it to Janine. 

"Check your email," he said.

"Ok," she said, "let me try that." 

He heard her set down the phone and waited. After first all there was were a few sounds of movement. She was quiet for a while and then she gave out a few soft moans. They gradually got louder, she was really enjoying it and Chris was too hearing her he could just picture her rubbing her wet pussy against her pillows. 

"That was great," she muttered after a while, "I'll have to remember that." 

Chris took care of himself after she hung up, this was torture, and she was getting off and leaving him with nothing. 

The rest of the semester blew by and Janine invited him to a Christmas party she was throwing. He had a devious idea of what gift to get her. The party was going to be a secret Santa but he wanted to get her something special. 

The party was nice, girls dressed like they were slutty Santa or elves and the guys just wore the doofy hats. He didn't make any effort to flirt with any of the girls, this time he wanted to catch Janine off guard. As the party wound down and everyone left he waited to be the last one there. 

"Hanging around for me?" she asked playing with her Santa hat. 

She looked amazing, she had on a tight red velvet dress, her small breasts were pressed up and she had on thigh high red satin boots.

"I just wanted to give you this," he said as he handed her the box, "but do me a favor, call me when you open it."

He didn't wait for a response he turned and left. He drove home and his phone rang as he got into his bedroom. 

"Can I open it now?" she asked excitedly.

"Go ahead," he said. 

He heard the paper ripping.

"Oh," she said, "oh my."

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"I'm a little shocked," she said, "I wasn't expecting this from you."

"After every night you called me," he said, "and let me listen to you masturbate."

"A vibrator though?" she said.

There was silence. Then he heard it buzzing.

"So you like listening to me?" she said, "are you thinking about the outfit I'm wearing? You should see what I have on underneath." 

He heard the machine buzzing as she started to moan. This was much more intense than the previous orgasms he'd witnessed from Janine. 

"Fuck," she moaned, "Chris."

After a little while the buzzing stopped. He heard her gasping for air.

"Good night," she said before hanging up the phone.

The next semester flew by, he took on way too much coursework. They still spoke but she didn't talk about her Christmas present but she seemed to be wearing more revealing outfits around him. When the semester finally ended she texted him to come to her birthday party. She also told him she wanted another gift.

He wracked his brain for the week leading up to her party, he already got her a vibrator and he had no idea what else to get her. Finally he settled on an idea and got it in the mail just in time. 

The party was the typical college deal, beer pong, loud music, and people groping each other. Chris spoke to Janine for a bit but let her wander around to see everybody. He waited until the last drunk was forced into a cab before he approached her. 

"You got me a present?" she asked.

Chris handed her a small gift bag and turned to go but she grabbed his arm. She didn't say a word but simply undid the back of the loose army green dress she was wearing and let it fall to the floor. Underneath she was wearing a see through black bra and matching panties. 

"So you have something to think about while you listen to me," she said. 

He raced home and called her, "Did you put them on?" he asked.

"Yes," she said seductively, "they're vibrating panties but there's no remote." 

"My phone is the remote," he said as he activated them. 

There was a soft gasp from Janine. He turned them up just a bit, he wanted it to be slow. Just as he was about to turn it up a little more his computer buzzed. 

"I'm skyping you," she moaned.

He leaned over and clicked accept and up popped the video feed of her clinging to the desk in front of her computer, her hair was hanging in her face and she was still wearing the bra from before. 

"Stoke your dick," she moaned, "I want to see you cum watching me."

Chris turned up the device to a little more than half power before taking his pants off as Janine moaned and grabbed her breasts. He stroked himself quickly, seeing her like this after so long he wasn't going to be able to hold out for long. 

"After that first time I called," she moaned, "why didn't you make a move on me?"

He turned it up to 70%.

"It's about control," he said, "at first I wasn't sure what you wanted."

80%

"Then after the second time I knew you wanted to fuck me," he said, "but I didn't want to be a one and done."

90%

"I wanted to make you want me so badly that you would let me have you again and again."

100%

Janine went wild, her words were incomprehensible but she seemed to be trying to respond. Chris stroked himself furiously, watching Janine orgasming because of him put him over the edge. His cum ran down his hand and dripped onto the floor. He slowly turned the device down and Janine leaned back in her chair breathing heavily.

"I want you," she said, "I'm sick of this I want your hands on my body."

"Soon," he said before he hung up the phone and shut his computer.

Now he knew how badly she wanted him and it took every ounce of energy to not drive over to her and throw himself at her. But he couldn't deny he was enjoying teasing her. He decided he would tease her one last time. He sent her a text asking her to meet him at the mall and wear the panties he bought her. 

He got to the mall before he told her to and waited for her text. 

"Here, why someplace to public?" she texted him, "I need you."

He turned on the app and within a few seconds his phone rang.

"Not fair," she said, "where are you?"

He turned up the device to 25%.

"Coming to you," he said, "where are you parked?"

"Lot E," she moaned.

He turned it up to 35% and got out of the car. It was a short walk to where she was and he slowly turned it up to 50% by the time he got to her. He knocked on the window and she looked up at him biting her lip and unlocked the door. 

He got into the back seat behind her and closed the door. 

"Should I join you?" she moaned. 

"No," he said as he reached around and rubbed her shoulders. 

"You just can't give me what I want?" she moaned.

"Not yet," he said turning the device up to 75% before sliding his hands down onto the front of her shirt. 

Janine leaned her head back and let out a moan as he squeezed her breasts. 

"More," she moaned, "I'm so close."

He pushed the device to max and grabbed her breasts again as she grabbed his hands and squeezed them. 

"Tonight," he said, "I'm all yours."

Janine shivered in her seat letting out a series of moans before he finally turned the device off.

"My place at 8," he said, "I'd tell you to wear something sexy, but I don't think that's necessary."

He left her in the car and went home to get ready. She got to his house at 7:30 and he couldn't fault her for being early he wanted this so badly. She called him from the car.

"I'm here," she said.

"Come on in," he said, "the door is open."

She walked in and Chris was waiting at the door for her. He closed the door behind her and no sooner did he then Janine pushed him up against the wall and pressed her lips to his. It was a long hot passionate kiss, her tongue was in his mouth instantly. He put his hands on her waist and pushed her off of him. 

"Slowly," he said. 

He took her hand and led her up to the bedroom. Once they were inside he slowly slid the straps of the sundress she was wearing off her shoulders. She wasn't wearing a bra or panties underneath, she just stood in her sandals for a moment as he looked of her petite body and milky white skin before she kicked them off. 

He ran his hand down her back, his fingers softly caressing her flesh as she let out a deep breath. 

"Get on the bed," he said. 

She walked slowly over to the bed and crawled to the middle before laying on her back and looking up at him. 

"Cuff your hands," he said as he walked to the bed. 

She reached up to the pair of handcuffs on a pink ribbon that was tied to the headboard. Janine clamped them around her wrists, before Chris tied her legs to the foot board. He took a seat on the edge of the bed and put his hand on her chest above her breasts and dragged his fingertips slowly down her towards her stomach before bringing them back up and circling her nipples. 

"Why did I agree to let you tie me down?" she asked as he leaned over and planted a soft kiss on her forehead.

He cupped her breast in his hand as he kissed her. Janine struggled against the restraints, leaning up to try and prolong the kiss. Chris' hand dragged slowly down across her stomach to her pussy. He rubbed her clit in slow circles as he leaned down and took her nipple in his mouth sucking on it. 

Chris moved to her other breast giving it a squeeze as he slowly pressed his finger into her. As he leaned up and kissed Janine he pressed a second finger into her slowly sliding them both in and out of her. Chris pulled away from the kiss as Janine let out a soft moan, he leaned down and licked her clit quickly as he continued to slide his fingers into her as deep as he could. 

Janine bit her lip to stifle a moan as she pulled against the restraints. 

"No more, no more," she moaned.

Chris untied her feet and released her hands. Janine remained on the bed for a moment catching her breath. Chris stood up and took his shirt off and undid his belt. 

"What do you want?" she asked as she rolled towards him. 

He slid his pants and boxers off in one motion. 

"You always bragged to me about your skill at giving blowjobs," he said standing naked before her. 

"Say no more," she said as she sat up at the edge of the bed, "lay down."

Chris did as he was told, it was nice to not be giving the orders for once. 

"You're going to love this," she said kneeling between his legs, "but no more games after this, I want you to take me, after you recover of course." 

She took his dick in her hand and slowly stroked him as she ran her tongue around the tip. Her lips slowly enveloped his tip and she took more of him in her mouth. He didn't know what she was doing with her tongue but it felt great. 

"Close your eyes," she said taking him out of her mouth for a moment before taking him back into her mouth as far as she could. 

Chris did as he was told and closed his eyes as Janine worked her oral magic on him. She worked her mouth up and down quickly and when he thought he couldn't take anymore she would slow down and loosen her lips. Chris was in ecstasy he had no idea how she would take to him busting in her mouth. He reached up to push her off but she pinned his arm to the bed. 

"Janine," he moaned as he tried to hold back. 

He only lasted another few moments before he finished in her mouth. Chris gasped for air before slowly opening his eyes. Janine laid down next to him her naked body pressed against him. He rolled towards her and the two kissed, they'd both been waiting so long neither wanted to be the first to pull away. 

When Chris woke up their foreheads were still leaned against each other. He went to roll away a little but Janine grabbed his arm. 

"You promised me more," she said pouting. 

"I'm not going anywhere," he said.

"No more games?" she asked as she ran her hand over his chest.

"No more games," he said as he leaned over and planted a long kiss on her. 

She reached down and grasped his erection stroking it a few times as he reached up and cupped one of her small breasts in his hand. He rolled on top of her and she guided him into her. As he entered her she rose up to meet him, he grasped her leg as she wrapped it around him. Chris buried his face in her neck and she grabbed his shoulders. He thrusted into her again and she gasped squeezing his shoulders. 

With each thrust her hips rose to meet his, her moans right his ear carried on her hot breath. He had wanted this for too long and he knew she had too, he wanted to hold out for as long as he could but with each moan from the beautiful girl under him he was pushed closer to the edge. 

He finally couldn't hold back any longer, he pulled out shooting his load on her stomach. Chris collapsed on the bed next to her as they caught their breath. 

"This is only the first time," she said as she curled up next to him, "I want you again, I'm all yours. So long as there are no more games."

"There might be a few," he said as he rolled towards her and kissed her, "but I'm all yours too."