 Cindi, the stunning beauty that worked at our local convenience store would always greet me with a big bright smile and a cheerful "Hi." To say that she was the 'All American Beauty' was an understatement. She had shoulder length blond hair surrounding an absolutely cherubic face with a tiny, upturned nose, full cupid's bow lips and deep blue eyes that you could get lost in for days. At first glance she would seem almost chubby but that was because of her large breasts and a well rounded, heart shaped ass that would make your teeth ache. She was so sweet I was sure that she shit marshmallows.

Our relationship stayed on an employee-customer basis for a long time because even though she seemed more mature than most of the women I was dating, I still thought she was too young. When she would help me find a certain product or pick out a video, she always stood real close, sometimes lightly brushing her ample breast against my arm, driving me crazy by tempting me with her forbidden fruit. One night when I stopped into the store to pick up some beer and a movie I could see she was not too happy. "What's the matter?" I asked.

"Last week I broke up with my boyfriend, yesterday was my eighteenth birthday and nobody seemed to notice, and I've had to work every night this week. Other than that, life's great," she said. "Seeing you is the best thing that's happened to me today."

"Man, you are desperate."

"No, I didn't mean it that way," she laughed, giving me a hug. "It's just that I feel good when you're around. You're nice and so mature."

"That happens when you pass thirty."

"I like that. My ex boyfriend was such a punk asshole. It seemed like all he was using me for was to get himself off. Then he'd leave to go hang out with his jock buddies. Sometimes I'd get so frustrated I could scream. I should have never told him I was on the pill."

"That boy is a sick puppy. If I had a girlfriend as sweet as you, I'd make sure you were happy."

"I'll bet you could make me happy," she said, then gave me a deep, wet kiss as she pressed her magnificent tits into my chest. "All I've wanted for my birthday was an orgasm. I've read about them and they sound wonderful."

The only thing that went through my mind right then was; there is a God in heaven and He does answer prayers! I put my arms around her waist, pulled her close to me and kissed her while lightly probing her mouth through our slightly parted lips. She took my hands in hers and moved them up her torso so that I was cupping her big, firm tits. When we came up for air, she smiled at me mischievously and said, "Whoa, lookee there, it's eleven o'clock, time to close the store."

I glanced at my watch and saw that it was only twenty after ten. "Nobody's come in for the last two hours except you," she said. "If I get fired, no big deal. I'm gonna quit anyway."

She locked the front door, then took me by the hand and led me to the back room. After she turned off the store lights, she reached around behind a stack of boxes and pulled out a blanket and an inflated air mattress and put them on the floor, spreading the blanket out over the mattress. "Let's get naked," she said as she pulled her tank top over her head. 

Her firm tits stood out high and proud as her nipples puckered and distended, inviting me to suck and nibble them. As I leaned down and savored the perfection of her mounds, I unzipped her denim skirt, then pushed it down, along with her panties and stroked my hand through the soft bush covering her pubis. She deftly opened the front of my jeans and took my swelling cock in her hand, making it grow to its full length. 

When I ran a fingertip into her steamy crevice she let out a soft moan as her knees buckled slightly. She lowered herself down onto the mattress, beckoning for me to join her. I kicked off my jeans and lay down next to her, taking her in my arms and kissing her some more. I worked my way down her neck and kissed and nuzzled circles around those magnificent boobs then sucked and gently bit each nipple, one then the other until she was moaning uncontrollably. With some reluctance, I left the perfection of her tits and kissed my way down her abdomen, then nuzzled into the fragrant thatch of hair between her legs. I parted her swollen cunt lips with my tongue and licked the tangy moisture that was flowing from her quivering orifice. I found the little hard knot of her clitoris hidden in the creamy folds of sensitive flesh and sucked it out of it's hiding place and started flicking it with the tip of my tongue.

Cindi let out a loud gasp as her body began to spasm and she pulled me up on top of her and wrapped her legs around me. I could feel the shaft of my cock pressing into the folds of her pussy, so I raised up slightly so that the head was positioned at the well-lubricated entrance of her feminine sheath then slid it into the tight aperture. She met my thrust by raising her hips and my cock slid in all the way, stretching the slippery walls of her tight cunt.

Cindi met my every thrust as I stroked my cock in and out of her. With my throbbing hard on still buried deep in Cindi's gripping cunt, I rolled us over so that she was on the top. "Now you're in control," I told her. "Find the position and the movement that feels the best and go for it."

She wiggled her hips then started thrusting them back and forth. "OH! It feels so good," she said as she sat upright, driving my cock even further in to her. She continued thrusting her hips back and forth as she ground her pussy into my pelvic bone. I reached up and squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples as her movements increased in speed. It didn't take long before I was ready to explode and as her body began to quiver, she let out a loud gasp and her orgasmic spasms carried me right along with her to climax.

"I had no idea it felt so good," she said when she finally caught her breath. "I couldn't tell if I had one long orgasm or a bunch of them all strung together, but it was wonderful. Thank you for my birthday present."

"It's a gift that keeps giving," I said.