 I pulled my car up to the door of the convenience store. Michelle jumped in the car and kissed me. I then drove to my apartment and we went inside. Michelle was the twenty year old girl I have been having sex with the past few weeks. She had the cutest face I have seen in some time. She had a shapely ass but she had very small breasts with brown nipples. When we got inside the door, Michelle dropped to her knees.

She unzipped my pants and my cock sprung loose. My eight inches were directly at her lips. She lifted the shaft and began to run her tongue up and down the underside. Michelle had told me she loved the scent of my cock. She took the head in her mouth.

She began to move up and down, taking as much of me as she could. It didn't take much to get me hard when she was sucking like this. I pushed it deeper down her throat. She couldn't take it all down, but she tried. After I was sufficiently hard I lifted her to her feet.

I started to strip off her store uniform. There she stood, naked. I lifted her up and took her to my bed. Once there, I placed her on the bed and spread her thighs. This is the part Michelle loved the best. I pushed a finger past her folds and lowered my mouth to her clit. I finger-fucked her and I nibbled and licked her clit.

Michelle was extremely wet already. She moved her hips to my finger stroking. This was just the beginning of the fun. After a few minutes of this I pulled back and took my cock in my hand. I guided my mushroom head to her slit. Michelle's eyes lit up. 

I began to push it inside her. I gave her small strokes at first. I fed her a few inches then pulled back. Michelle wrapped her legs around me, preventing me from pulling out completely. I then pushed my rod in as far as I could. Michelle let out a muffled cry.

"Fuck me Todd, I need you," Michelle was wimpering to me.

I buried my thick cock in her tight pussy. We started to work in unison. She met my strokes with her pussy. I could feel her spasms as I buried my cock in the whole way. I then pulled out and fed her again. This went on for a long time. I gave Michelle what she craved.

Michelle had only had school boy lovers before I came along. I guess I was her first experienced lover and she didn't want to lose me.

"Todd, don't hold back tonight," Michelle said. "I want all of your seed in me."

This kind of talk really pushed me over the edge. I started to speed up, giving her the hard fucking she seemed to love. I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold out too long this first time. My sacs were starting to tighten up.

I told Michelle I was getting close.

"Please Todd, I want your baby seed," Michelle was urging me to cum now. 

I finally let loose. I shot one hot load after another. Michelle screamed out and began to cum herself. We seemed to have this uncanny ability to cum together no matter how long we had been fucking.

I gave her some short, hard strokes and kept spurting in her tight pussy. We went on like this until I finally pulled out from her. Michelle moved down to my cock and started to clean me with her tongue. She licked all our love juices from my dick.

She then moved up on top of me and kissed me. I didn't mind tasting our loving, it was kind of a turn-on actually. Her kisses were deep, our tongues wrapped around one another. She was one hot lover, as far as I was concerned. As she was rubbing against my shaft I started to get hard again.

I had Michelle get on her hands and knees. She didn't really know what was coming. I got in behind her and began to rub my shaft up and down her asscrack. Michelle was moaning softly. I nuzzled the tip of my cock to her tight brown opening. Michelle looked back and her eyes were wide.

I pushed my cock in past her ass rim. Michelle said it was hurting. I said I would go slow. For the next few minutes I pushed my shaft into her ass as I pulled her back to me. After awhile Michelle began to get into the rhythm of things. I was able to get all of my cock into her ass tunnel. 

I started to feed her my cock. This was something new for us and I wanted it to continue. I went very slow at first. Michelle eventually started to push back onto my erection. We began to fuck in earnest now. I built up my speed and we were fucking harder. The sweat was pouring off of our bodies. I reached around and found her clit once more.

I pressed on it with my finger and Michelle went off like a rocket. I could feel her orgasms running through her body. She was so tight that I began to cum like it was my first time fucking. I sent a hot wave of my seed into her bowels. Michelle arched her back and took my offering. We kept stroking until I felt like I didn't have another drop left in me.

I pulled out and we collapsed there on the bed, she was in my arms. Michelle told me how much she wanted and needed me. She couldn't believe how hot our lovemaking had become.

"Todd, I want to have a baby with you," those words came flowing from her lips.

I wasn't sure about that part of our relationship. Michelle was easily the best lover I had in quite some time. I didn't want to lose her, that much I did know. 

After we recovered, we went into the shower. I turned on the hot water and we both got into the tub. Water was pouring all over us and I was behind Michelle. She pressed her body back against me. I reached around and found one of her nipples. I pulled on it as my cock was tight against her back.

Michelle slowly bent at the waist. My cockhead was inches from her wet pussy. I slid into her once more. With my hands on her hips, I took my young lover. I fed her my cock and she pushed back onto me. This was some hot fucking now! We went wild with abandon. I pushed my shaft so deep into her belly. We were screwing and I hoped we would never stop.

I didn't think I had much left in the tank, but I was wrong. I started to cum in my lovers sweet pussy. My cock muscles were rubbing against her pussy walls. This went on for many minutes until I shot the last sticky ropes of my cum into Michelle.

We got out of the shower and we dried each other off. Going back to the bed I told Michelle I wanted to try for that baby.

Her face lit up. I knew I wasn't going to let this woman slip away from me. I hadn't really had a serious lover until she came along. We were both in bed now. Michelle was asleep and I was drifting off thinking of all the fucking that was going to come, in order to make that baby together!