 Bill tugged at the tie of his tailored black tuxedo, looking warily at the sign that proclaimed Reception. He never had liked these things, and if his fledgling business wasn't receiving an award, he wouldn't have been there. He preferred a drink at the bar and a quiet evening in his room before the convention commenced early tomorrow morning. The door opened and two people escaped from the noise inside. Bill ducked in as quickly as possible, and his heart stopped.

He saw her talking to a crowd in the corner, keeping everyone's attention with her quick wit and unceasing charm. She was in a basic black dress, long and straight, accentuating every curve of her athletic 5'10 frame. When she turned Bill could not help but notice the dress was backless, and cut quite low. He cut through crowds, heading across the room for his colleague because he longed for the safety of knowing someone, thus avoiding small talk. Besides, any excuse to get near her would make his evening that much more enjoyable. 

Bill had been in management for over 10 years, and it had begun to show in the graying of his temples along the edges of his dark black hair. Three years ago he had cut away from the corporate world, starting a small business of his own. Lori looked up as he approached, her breath catching in her chest at the sight of her boss in a tux. She didn't trust her voice, but somehow she managed "Bill," and stepped out to shake his hand.

To both their surprise, they embraced. Bill took in the sensation: his hands on her bare back, the light smell of her perfume. He smiled smugly as he drew back; "Happy Birthday."

This ignited a rumble in the small crowd, and Bill gathered most did not know it was her 30th birthday. "Some party," one said, and Bill laughed. She blushed slightly, and Bill added, "Hope it was worth the extra time off." She blushed once more, but managed a small smile. Her request for time off came at a busy time, and Bill felt certain he would have had to turn her down. But when he found out she was coming to Las Vegas to celebrate her birthday, he saw an opportunity and invited her to meet him at the annual convention. It was win-win; she got her time off and he had someone to talk to during the four day affair.

He stayed near her, talking little but taking in her amazing ability to connect to people she didn't know. By letting her do the talking, he was buffered from the small talk often associated with such events when people who hardly know each other are thrust together for social hour. After several complimentary cocktails, the room became more boisterous. In fact, it seemed to grow noisier as the crowd thinned. He leaned over and whispered, "I'm going to go. Do you want me to wait for you?" She looked up with her blue-gray eyes and took his hand. His heart skipped a beat as he led her through the crowd, and he cursed himself for feeling like a school boy.

They were the only two on the elevator, and Bill pushed the button for his floor. "Where are you at?" he asked.

"The top," she said, and reached into her small bag as Bill tried to hit the button proclaiming "P" over and over. She smiled as she slipped the key card into the slot, and the button lit up.

"Good grief, how did you manage that?" he asked. 

"My birthday present," she answered with a mischievous grin. "Would you like to see the penthouse suite?" she asked when the door opened to the 9th floor.

He swallowed hard, the words resounding in his ears. "I'd love to," he said, wondering if she was asking what he hoped she was. He had a fleeting thought, that it would be wise to pick up some protection in his room, but he dismissed it and soon, they were at the penthouse floor.

She stepped out of the elevator first, and Bill allowed his hand to follow her curves down her silky skin until his hand rested in the small of her back. When she stopped to open the door of the suite, he could not help but notice the swing of her dress had revealed her thigh through the slit in the side. He thought he caught a glimpse of lace at the top of her stocking clad thigh, and felt his cock stiffen at the sight.

She opened the door, and Bill walked into the most luxurious room he had seen. "What exactly do you have to do to get a birthday present like this?" he asked.

She looked at him, almost pouting. Lori didn't like what she thought he was implying. "I know the manager; we're old friends." She left it at that, resenting the fact she felt she had to explain herself to her boss. "What'll you have?" she asked, making her way to the wet bar that sat in the corner of the living area.

Bill shrugged. "What kind of beer is there?" he asked, and Lori instantly remembered why she felt so attracted to him. He was unpretentious, unlike many with newly acquired wealth, and he was unapologetic in his naivete'. 

"Anything you want" she said. bending so that Bill had a fine view of her perfect ass.

She stayed that way until Bill thought he'd have to adjust his cock, as it had produced a rather large bulge in his pants. He sat quickly when she turned around, holding two imported beers.

"Here I am, downstairs in the slums, and my beautiful co-worker is in the executive suite," Bill said, adding, "I think I pay you too much."

She frowned and Bill felt like a fool for reminding her he was her boss. "I don't think you are," she said, "but there are fringe benefits," she said, taking a sip of beer and walking slowly to the other end of the room. Bill felt certain she knew how good she looked, and she was showing off - not that he minded the show. "Besides, how was I supposed to let all my friends who came to help me celebrate my birthday stay in the slums, as you so aptly put it," she said with a wink. "Although they are all gone now, it was nice having the girls over. Besides, this big place gets lonely for a 30 year old," she said, looking over her shoulder.

His cock was too stiff to hide now, but he shifted in his seat, hoping she had enough to drink that she wouldn't notice. He then took a long drink from the cold bottle. "It's good," he said, surprised. 

"It's Irish," she said, as if it explained everything. "I had it in Ireland and spent a lifetime trying to find it here in the states," she lamented.

"A lifetime," Bill said, "What's that, 5 years?" He smiled.

She tried her best to look mean, but Bill just thought she looked sexy as she came across the room. "I don't think you should make fun of me, or..."

"Or? You'll what," he asked, standing.

She looked up at him, as he was 2 inches taller than she. Her breathing quickened; he was incredibly handsome, with a body that had been toned by hard work, not just working out. She found herself lost in his emerald colored eyes. "I forget," she said.


"Senility," he said, teasing. "Not a good sign," he said, moving closer. 

"Ha ha," she said. "You can tease all you want; I'm not ashamed of thirty."

"You shouldn't be," he said, appraising her body unabashedly. 

"Really? she asked, turning around a bit and arching her back so her breasts looked bigger. "I think these are starting to sag," she said, and laughed the laugh that Bill loved to hear.

"They're perfect," he said, hesitating only a moment before cupping her perfect breasts. Her breasts were firm and round, her nipples stiffening instantly. She let out a slight moan. 

"Not bad for 30?" she asked, longing for more.

"Not bad for 20," he said, his voice quieter, his fingers circling the hard nubs. "But look at that, it's past your bed time."

"Really?" she said, swaying. He wrapped his arms around her, steadying her, his hands cupping her firm rear now and pulled her into a passionate kiss.

He let his hands rest there, her firm, tight buttocks in his hands, and his growing cock against her flat, toned abs. "What have you got under there?" Bill asked mischievously.

She grinning, pushing him back into the leather recliner. He rocked back, and she put her foot up on the edge of the chair to steady it. The slit fell perfectly, exposing the black stocking with the lace garters. If Bill hadn't already been hard, he would have sprung out his pants at that moment. He reached up tracing the edge of the garter and up her thigh. 

She moaned a contented sigh, and Bill knew that it wasn't only from the large amount of alcohol they had consumed. He felt the warmth of her thighs, then ran his finger up between her legs to her mound. It was easy to find her slit, and she shook when his finger ran along it. She was so moist, with no panties keeping him from doing the very thing he had dreamed of for the past year. She grew weak from his touch, and put a hand on the chair to steady herself, her forehead against his now. He couldn't resist, and kissed her passionately, pulling her to him.

"God, Lori, I want this," he said into her ear, pulling her dress up around her thighs. She sat straddle on him, the chair rocking with each movement. She began unbuttoning his shirt, looking at his face, searching for approval. He watched her delicate hands work, her long fingers then tracing his chest through the plain white cotton t-shirt. He pulled it over his head, kissing her again. He loved the feel of her breasts against his chest as she leaned into kiss him, and all he could think about was making love to her. She worked at the knot behind her neck, smiling an embarrassed smile when it took longer than it should have. When she finally got the knot untied and let the upper part of her dress fall into her lap, he was not disappointed. 

She wore a black corset, laced up. Her breasts were perfect, her cream colored skin contrasted with the black material. He turned his attention to her long neck, starting at the nape and kissing, then working his way up as he gently pinched her nipples. He was not disappointed, as he had found her weakness, such as it was. She began grinding against his lap, feeling the bulge rise in his trousers. He smiled up at her, then returned to the task at hand as she began working at his pants, trying to unfasten them. She reluctantly raised herself, allowing him to pull off his trousers and boxers in one motion. His cock sprang up, and she couldn't help but stare. It was more beautiful than any she had seen, and far thicker. She was surprised to find her long fingers couldn't wrap around it. She stroked him up and down as he sat back down. She kneeled on the floor, her dress piled around her knees. She leaned forward, her hair brushing his thigh, and began to lick his cock, starting at the head, then working down the shaft, then back up again.

She licked the head once more as Bill gasped and grunted. As much as he wanted her to suck him dry, he wanted to feel her hot sex wrapped around his cock even more. He pulled her up, and she stood, pouting a bit. She was now completely exposed, only her black corset and garter belt remaining, her stockings accentuating the length of her legs. "Who knew you were such a naughty girl?" Bill growled, ravishing her with his eyes.

"Only now, only for you," she said, wanting him to touch her, feeling the heat and moisture between her legs. He obliged, reaching up and stroking her neatly trimmed mound. She loved the feel of his rough hands against her, and she ground into his palm, barely able to stand. 

"Only now?" he asked, pulling her so that she straddled his lap. She nodded, trying to grind against his cock. He held her up. "You naughty girl," he growled, not allowing her to impale herself just yet. "You don't wear this kind of stuff to work?" She shook her head. "You don't try to seduce me?" She shook her head.

"Why the hell not?" he asked, pulling her down on his shaft. She let out a scream which surprised them both, all at once painful and passionate. She was so tight, he was certain he had hurt her; he hesitated until she began rocking against him, his cock moving in and out of her pussy. He marveled at her hot, tight box and how she rode his cock, sliding down half way, then back up. She never got over three-quarters of it in, and he was getting ready to explode just watching her ride him. "Do you know how long I've waited for this?" he growled, lifting his hips. She caught her breath at the change, shaking. "How many times I've sat in my office with the door locked, dreaming of fucking you on my desk?"

"And all this time, you wanted it too, didn't you?" he asked, whispering in her ear, then raising up again. She moaned as he drove his cock into her. 

"Ohhhh, yes, I wanted you...I wanted this," she said, looking at him with her gray-blue eyes. Bill knew he'd explode if he didn't do something soon. He quickly turned her around, her back to him. 

"What did you say?" He asked, his lips against her ear. She was now sitting on his lap, his cock resting against her back and ass.

"God, yes, I've wanted you Bill," she sighed, raising her ass. He held her forward, enjoying his game. She wiggled her ass, trying to reach him. His hands remained tight on her waist. "You've wanted me to what? Give you a raise?" he asked. "Give you a promotion? Give you a new computer," she laughed, looking over her shoulder.

"I've wanted you to lean me over your desk, take off my pants, and fuck me hard. I've wanted you to keep me after work and fuck me on every inch of the office, or on the staff table, or in the conference room...I've wanted to come on your cock..."

He couldn't hold back anymore, releasing her so that she fell back on his cock. She slid on perfectly, the force making her orgasm, shaking and moaning loudly. He held her as she shook, then began moving her up and down on his cock, her lean frame easily manipulated. Within a few strokes, she had rejoined him, grinding her pussy against him, then leaning forward, then back, his cock driving deeper each time. She leaned forward, her hands on her knees, allowing him to use her body. When he finally got the length of his cock inside of her, he was so close to cumming he didn't think he'd be able to pull out in time. "Please cum inside of me!" she cried, shaking. He was more than happy to oblige, and they came together loudly, his hot semen squirting deep inside of her. Her pussy continued to spasm around his cock, milking him as he softened. She was shaking, still on her knees and hands. He pulled her back so that she was sitting on top of him in the recliner. They snuggled together, kissing and enjoying the scent of their mingled sweat and juices. 

When she shivered ever so slightly, Bill carried her to the bedroom, laying her on the plush bed. She didn't need to ask him to stay the night - he knew from the look in her eyes what she wanted. He crawled into bed next to her, enjoying her warmth. His last thought before falling asleep was that this convention might not be so bad after all.