 The familiar sound of my cell phone ringing stirred me from the perfect slumber. As I looked at the clock, I realized that it was late, much later than I should allow myself to sleep. It was 11:45 a.m., I knew the baby was already awake, I could hear him playing downstairs with his grandmother. As I reached for the phone, I shook off the haze and pushed the green button, recognizing it more from feel than from sight. Putting it to my ear I answered it, trying my best to sound awake and alert. “Hello?”

“Hi there.” Random Variable’s voice came clearly from the earpiece. 

“Good morning, darling.” I replied, smiling so much that I was sure he could hear it. 

“Good morning, babe. How'd you sleep?”

“Somewhat fractally, if that’s a word.”

“It is now!” He replied, chuckling. “Had brekkie? Had lunch? Had a coffee? Had an orgasm?” His string of questions flying by so quickly, I barely had a chance to answer. 

“Well, no brekkie, no lunch... orgasm?” After a brief pause, a soft, almost shy sounding “yes. Many, in fact.”

“Many?”

“Yes, many.”

“From who?”

“Greg.”

Almost immediately, he said dissappointedly: “Shit.”

“I know, I know... but it was good sex.” I replied, sounding almost apologetic. 

He sighed. “So tell me about it.”

“Ok, well, he called me Thursday, as you know, he told me that we would get together on Saturday, which was last night. He called me five times from work last night. He left me a message one of the times, as I had just missed the call, but returned it before listening to the message. He told me that I should have listened to the message before calling him back. Things got busy at the restaurant where he works, so he had to get going. I wasn’t going to listen to the message until later, but since he mentioned it, I thought it might be important. I was nervous, I thought maybe he was going to cancel on me again, that was something I just didn’t need.” 

“Yeah, really...” He said cynically.

I continued. “The computerized voice answered my call, telling me there was one new message. I listened intently for a few minutes, a smile dancing across my lips. He wanted me to leave him a naughty message. I called his cell phone, telling him that by leaving a naughty message, it would spoil my fun later, but I did ask him to tell me when he called back which toys I should bring with me that evening.

“He picked me up around 12 o’clock and drove back to his place, talking about everything and anything. Mostly we discussed our first time together, and he told me how wonderful it had been for him. When we got there, he told me to make myself at home, and explained that it was a long day for him and that he needed a shower. He poured me a glass of wine and went upstairs. Moments later I heard the water start running. After he went up I sat at the kitchen table. I pulled out my red writing book, hoping to do some editing on the novel that we’re working on together. As tempting as it was to go up and join him, in the early stage of this relationship, I was afraid that it would upset him. Also, the shower stall looked a bit to small for two people to fit into last time I saw it. Pulling out the printed draft of the excerpt you had edited for me, I realized that my mind just wasn’t in thought mode. I ended up paging a friend and talked to her on the phone for a bit. He came downstairs wearing nothing but his boxers. I told her distractedly that I had to get going, her reply was a knowing ‘uh huh...’ before saying she’d call me the next day. 

“He brought over a glass of wine for me and poured one for himself before getting a chair from the dining room. We sat and talked for a couple of hours, laughing, smiling, teasing each other a little, even agreeing to play in his jacuzzi sometime. As we talked, I had my feet up in his lap, he couldn't resist giving me a foot massage. I leaned forward and kissed him passionately. Seconds later, I was straddling him on the chair. He slid his hands up underneath my shirt, lightly teasing my nipples. I told him I had a surprise for him. He unbuttoned my pants and slid them down, massaging my ass, kissing my chest, as I ran my fingers through his hair. We mutually agreed to take things upstairs. 

“I walked ahead of him. His had was on my lower back, lightly rubbing it as we climbed the spiral staircase. Last time we had sex in the ‘Red Room’, so named for its red walls. Some rearranging had been done, there was no longer a bed in the red room (as I was to find out later). We had already decided earlier to play in his room. 

“When we entered his room, he pulled up the horizontal blinds to let some light in. I sat on his four poster queen sized bed teasing each other. He laid me down and traced the lines of my body with his fingers and his lips, kissing softly. In a partial moan, I asked him if he wanted to play with my toys. He grinned at me. Needing no other answer, I sat up and leaned over the bed, digging in my purse for the little pouch I keep my toys in. I pulled out my favorite purple silicone vibrator and my anal probe, as well as a bunch of condoms and two bottles of lube, one flavored and self heating, one non flavored. 

“He used a great deal of lube on me, nearly coating my entire mid section with it, front and back. He started kissing my stomach and moving downwards, finding that the skin of my netherlips was smooth and soft. As he gently sucked my clit, he pulled out my favorite vibe and gently teased my hole with it, and suddenly plunging it into me. My muscles tensed, my back arched, and my mouth let utter a loud moan. He fucked me with it as he licked me, very soon bringing me to an explosive climax. He continued and I had one multiple, my body shaking. After a brief break, I began licking him again, shifting myself into a sixty-nine position, at his request. He started licking me again, this time pulling out the anal probe. He slid it in gently and turned it on, moving it in and out slowly. Skillfully, he started using the vibe again on my clit and sliding it in as well, once again fucking me as he licked me, distracting me from my task at hand. Meanwhile, I continued to suck him, taking in his entire lentgh, rythmically moving with the music. At one point, I thought he would climax, but he didn't, holding back for the time when he could be inside me.”

RV piped up suddenly, startling me. “You’re killing me here, I want to die.” He laughed, trying to conceal his jealousy. 

“Do you want me to stop?” I asked him, truly concerned. 

“I don't know. I'm happy for you, but I think he’s still a shithead. Understand what I mean?”

“Yes, I understand.”

There was a long pause before he spoke again. “Well, finish up,” he said, sighing.

“You sure?”

“Yes, yes, go on.”

“Okay.

“The entire time that I was sucking him, he moaned, telling me how good I was, how good it felt. After a long while I climbed off of him and he sat up. He started kissing my neck. He asked me if I had brought the condoms. I showed him where they were, telling him to try putting some lube on the inside of it, as he complained that condoms prevented him from climaxing. I watched him slide it on, for some reason, being fascinated by it. He put his hands on my shoulders and kissed me as he gently laid me down on my back. As he entered me, I (typically) told him that I had to go to the washroom, I would be back in a second. I laughed nervously as I got up, and secretly hoped he wasn’t upset. 

“When I got back, I climbed on top of him and skillfully slid him into me, eventually getting into a squatting position, bouncing up and down on him. I had to stop after a few minutes because of the strain on my legs, but I fucked him in two other positions before surrendering to him being on top.”

“Fucking Greg...” he trailed off. “Smile for me, that’ll make it ok. I still want to die.”

“You don’t really mean that, right?”

“No, don’t worry, I don’t.”

I continued. “He slid in between my legs, guiding himself into me, firstly pushing my legs up against my body, then readjusting till he could rest his chest against my breasts. He slid in and out of me rhythmically as he tenderly kissed my neck, moaning softly in my ear. He balanced himself on his knees, lifting my legs so that we still met at the midpoint. He continued, asking me after a few minutes if he wanted him to cum inside me or on me, I replied, telling him to cum when he could, that I wanted to watch his face as he did. I climaxed just seconds after he asked me, making an almost simultaneous climax. He ended up coming inside of me, inside the condom, pulling out immediately after. He got up and cleaned himself up, as I layed on my side, basking in the still lingering sensations of my orgasm. I went and cleaned up a little myself before we went downstairs to have a cigarette.

“We talked about things, mostly congratulating each other on technique and the like. Eventually we came to the decision that we were both hungry. He ordered a pizza, just the kind I liked, almost as if he had read my mind. While we waited, I went up and had a shower to clean off the lube. I came downstairs again and had another cigarette and a drink. When the Pizza Guy came to the door, he went to pay in just his boxers. Luckily I was sitting out of view, as I was in just my bra and panties. 

“After we ate, we agreed that sleep was a good idea. He cleaned up the kitchen, while I went upstairs and cleaned up my toys, getting things ready for the next morning. We fell asleep, talking about the kids and things and what our plans were for the next day, how excited he was to be spending the day with his son.”

“Well, love, you seem happy. I’m glad you had a nice evening.” He said finally, sounding a bit put out. 

“Thanks hon, I am happy. You know what’s funny, though?”

“What?”

“I thought of you as I touched him, as he touched me, as I fell asleep...” I trailed off, knowing not what to say next.

He sighed deeply. “That’s quite the compliment, coming from ‘Miss Belilica’.”

“It’s true.” I paused. “Anyways, I have to get off the phone, I have to get down to the baby.”

“Ok, we can continue this online tonight, I have a tale for you too.”

“Looking forward to it!” I replied.

“Ok then, talk to you later.” Then, softly, in the way only he can say it, making me feel so loved, “Goodbye sweetie.”

“Goodbye Darling.”