 Author’s Notes: I got this story title (and idea) from a song. In it the vocalist talks about loving someone, but never getting the chance to tell that person and his ensuing regret. I just thought it would make a nice short story; only I’d change the outcome. Most of my stories start from a spur of the moment idea, and then over the course of about a week I flesh them out and gather all the little details before putting it down on paper. A special note to the literotica.com readers: before you read this and give it a bad review simply because it’s not a seven page work of nothing but sex please turn back now, or give it a fair review based on my writing style on the whole (which I happen to think deserves a five ).

Valerie stood on the front porch waiting for Alex. She rang the doorbell again with some hesitation, wondering if maybe he’d forgotten they had a movie date tonight. But her nervousness came from a place much further off from being stood up, she was nervous because she had made the decision that today she was going to tell Alex she was in love with him.

Two years ago, when Valerie had met Alex and Tina, she hit it right off with them right away. Not so much with Alex, but certainly Tina. She and Tina had met through work and had decided to double date. Valerie brought along her at the time boyfriend, Steve, and they’d all had a great time. Alex and Steve hung out alone mostly, giving Tina and her time to get to know each other better.

Their friendship lasted for six months, much longer than Valerie and her boyfriend Steve lasted, but she still had a lot of fun hanging out with Tina. Alex was a bit on the obnoxious side, he was constantly making these little sexual innuendo jokes about her and Tina sleeping together, but she never found them funny. She found them tedious and tiring, but he never seemed to let up. Tina said she’d gotten used to it a long time ago, but every now and then Valerie could tell that Steve’s actions really got on her nerves, too.

Then, six months after their meeting, Tina was in a horrible accident and admitted to the I.C.U. at the largest hospital in their city. Despite their best attempts the doctors were unable to save her. It was a very low time in Valerie’s life, and she knew Alex must feel a hundred times worse. As hard as it must have been on him, Valerie could not bring herself to maintain a friendship with Alex afterwards.

After the funeral Valerie did not see Alex for a long time—almost half a year. Then, by sheer happenstance, she bumped into him at a video store. She’d had to go to a different store to find an old movie she was looking for that none of the other video stores carried, and there he was, just walking down an aisle.

She didn’t quite know what to say to him, but managed to make decent small talk. The whole time she spoke with him she noticed he didn’t smile once. He wasn’t rude to her; he just still seemed so lost without Tina. She found herself agreeing to a movie date, mostly out of pity, and next thing she knew she was standing outside the same door she was now.

That was almost a year ago, and during that time she’d seen him change considerably. After they started spending time together she noticed that he had lost his annoying habits. He spoke with kindness and never once made her feel that old feeling like she was with a fifteen-year-old boy going through puberty.

She also noticed he began to smile again. They began going out, always as friends. They went to amusement parks, movies, concerts, and everything else friends do. Then about a week ago Valerie came to a sudden realization: she was in love with Alex. It just hit her as she was in the shower, thinking about the next movie they’d watch. Her thoughts drifted to Alex, as she closed her eyes and her hands roamed her soft and curvaceous body. 

She ran her fingertips up her stomach, just as she envisioned Alex doing, then to her soft, ample breasts. She cupped them in her hands, feeling her nipples become erect, and ran her fingers around them softly. A small moan escaped her mouth, barely a sound at all, and then her hands slid further down her body.

She pressed her palms firmly against her stomach and felt the bare skin above her sex. Her legs parted slightly and made room for her hand as it found the sensitive area of her clit. She rubbed it gently, feeling the sensations running through her body. In her mind it was Alex touching her, standing behind her with his strong arms wrapped around her, touching her sensually.

She began touching herself with more urgency, feeling her emotions caught up in the moment. Her legs parted more and her finger slid easily into the moist entrance of her sex. She let out a more audible moan, and her finger began to slide slowly in and out of her glistening pussy. Her other hand moved up her body to cup one of her firm breasts, then gently started to pinch and play with her nipple and surrounding area. 

Her body began to react on its own, and her finger was thrusting inside her with greater speed. She pressed the palm of her hand against her clit, and pressed her finger against the wall of her sex. The sensation from her clit sent her into uncontrollable shaking, and she knew she was close to orgasm. 

Her hand massaged and kneaded her breast at a greater pace, and she leaned back against the shower wall as her orgasm swept over her. She pushed her finger deep inside her, wishing it was Alex’s erect cock, and let out a small scream as she had the best orgasm she’d ever had by her own hand. 

As her orgasm subsided she stood there, leaning against the wall for balance, and slid her finger out of her now very wet pussy, and caught her breath. All at once she realized what she’d just done; she had just had a fantasy about Alex and the greatest orgasm ever because of it.

For the rest of the week she tried to remain her usual self around him as she assessed her feelings for him. She had so many emotions running through her mind, and she wasn’t sure if she should tell him or not. They had a great friendship, and by this time she felt like she could trust him with anything in her life. She just wanted a sign… she needed a sign. 

Then, as if fate were giving her a kick in the ass Alex did something he’d never done before; while walking back from the movie theatre he grabbed her hand and held it as they walked back to the car. He looked over and straight into her eyes, as if to ask, “Is this ok with you?” She made no move to withdraw her hand and only smiled.

So here she was on his front porch, dressed in her most form-fitting outfit—a pair of black, tight fitting jeans that hugged the curve of her hips to a Tee, a white top that just barely covered her stomach, and a pair of comfortable black sandals. Underneath she was wearing a black thong and matching bra. Valerie just felt so sexy and feminine wearing undergarments that left little to the imagination, they just made her feel very empowered, sensual, and sexy—and she definitely wanted to feel and look her best tonight.

Her below shoulder length dark blonde hair had been parted down the middle in a zigzag pattern with little clips holding locks of her hair. She chose to wear very natural colored make-up to bolster her light colored complexion. On the whole she felt like she looked the very best she could without coming right out and saying hey, I’m trying to look sexy for you Alex.

Her thoughts were drawn back to the present situation when she heard the doorknob turn, and she did a quick mental check to make sure she was making the right decision. Her mind—and body, said she was. Alex opened the door and greeted her with a smile and sparkle in his eyes that she could only hope was there from him seeing her. 

“Hey Valerie, sorry abou… about that. I was in the back watering the lawn. I figured I’d at least pretend to care about my lawn as much as the other people around here do,” he said as he moved to the side to let her in. He tried to act like the stutter was normal, but she noticed how he had caught his breath when he’d given her a once over. She took that to be a very good sign.

“Oh, don’t be, I was only waiting for maybe half an hour,” she said teasingly. He made a small laughing sound, flashed her a smile, and then walked into the kitchen. “So I was thinking, instead of just the usual old popcorn or microwave pizza why don’t we have a real dinner?” 

“Hmm, that sounds good to me. What did you have in mind?” she asked.

“Well, I was hoping you’d say yes because I went ahead and baked a lasagna and cut up a fresh salad. I thought I remembered you saying you liked lasagna.” She knew he was trying to play something off, especially since she’d only told him about a hundred times how much she loved lasagna. “Smells great, and I didn’t eat before I came over. About how long will it be?” she asked.

“Well, I put it in before doing all the house chores so it should be just about done. I set a timer but I’ll be damned if I know where I set it down at.” As if on cue they both heard a small bell going off from somewhere in the house. “Well, I guess dinner’s ready,” he said with a laugh.

She’d barely heard him though; all she could do was just stare at his wonderful body. In the year they’d been close friends she’d never known him to miss a day at the gym, and his body showed it. He didn’t have that over-exercised bodybuilder look, on the contrary he had a very solid, and toned frame. He was taller than her, too, but not too much taller, which she loved. She loved a man she could rest her head on his shoulders without having to get on her tiptoes or slink down to.

His arms were especially nice, and he had these perfect big, gorgeous brown eyes that she’d really come to love in the last week. He kept his hair cut short, and always clean-shaven. Combined with all the housework he did, and his cooking ability he was almost the perfect man… almost. In order to be the perfect man he’d have to be with her.

They sat down to dinner and he moved the chair for her, something she loved. When she tasted the lasagna it was the best she had ever tasted, and if the saying about the best way to a person’s heart was through their stomach then Alex had just earned himself a partner for life!

Dinner progressed nicely, both of them making small talk. They talked about how their week had gone at work, funny things that had happened, and other things. They sat at the table for almost an hour just talking and laughing, and every once in a while Alex would flash her a look that would melt her heart. He was making this very hard for her—hard because if he didn’t accept her feelings she would be putting a strain on a great friendship.

At long last they moved to the family room, and a movie was put in. She didn’t even pay attention to what it was, all she could think about was what she was going to say to him. Just when she’d gotten what she was going to say completely rehearsed and memorized the movie was over, the lights were on, and Alex was asking her what she thought of it.

“Huh? Oh, it was ok, I guess. I sort of dozed off a couple times during the movie. Dinner was so good it just relaxed me right to sleep. What about you? What’d you think,” she asked, hoping he wouldn’t see right through her little lie about falling asleep.

“I don’t know, I just think action stars shouldn’t try to act, and need to just kick ass. I mean hell, who cares if he’s filled with inner turmoil over his family’s death… just get on with the revenge damnit.”

She thought it was so cute how he always got so worked up when it came to movies. He had a real passion for them, but then again who didn’t? “Hey, I know you have go soon, but do you want something to drink before you have to head off,” he asked.

“Uhm, sure. What did you have in mind?”

“Well, I got up this great bottle of Chateau LoVecchio nineteen-thirty four from a guy at work, and I couldn’t think of a better person to crack it open with than my best friend,” he said, smiling brightly.

“Can it wait,” Valerie asked.

“Why, thirty-four not a good year for you,” Alex replied with some puzzlement in his voice. 

“No, it’s not that. It’s just that I kind of have something I want to talk to you about. Well, not really talk to you about, but tell you.”

“Oh, well ok. Go for it,” he said, sitting down next to her. She looked him in the eyes, and right as she was about to speak her whole rehearsed speech went right out of her head and she was left with a blank mind.

She sat there, silent, not wanting to start with the I don’t know how to say this, so I’ll just come right out and say it line that so many people feel the need to use, but she also couldn’t think of any other way to start it. 

“I’m in love with you Alex.” She’d said it before she’d even realized it. In fact, even as she said it she was thinking about how to start the conversation. It was like someone stuck their hand up her shirt and spoke the words as if she were a puppet. Well, she thought, that’s one way to do it.

Alex didn’t speak for several minutes. He just sat there, a blank expression on his face. Finally he opened his mouth to speak, but then closed it just as quickly. “I’m sorry, Alex. Forget I said it. I’m probably just being emotional, or something. I’m just going to go,” she said.

He reached out and took her arm gently in his hand and looked her in the eyes for what seemed like hours, then slowly bent forward and kissed her gently. Their lips barely touched, but it was the warmest feeling Valerie had ever felt. His mouth opened slightly and his lips closed just barely over her bottom lip, tugging on it lightly as he pulled away.

“I’m in love with you, too. I’ve been in love with you ever since we ran into each other at the video store. Without you I don’t think I ever would have been able to smile again. I planned this whole elaborate dinner out; I even went through three lasagna dishes before I finally thought I had the right one. I wanted to tell you I loved you tonight, but I guess I had myself convinced that you’d not feel the same way before I even said anything. Then you just blurt out and tell me you love me… I just… I just didn’t know what to say. I had the whole night planned out, and you changed it all, but in very good way,” he confessed after kissing her.

She didn’t have time to answer him, though. Before she could, he came towards her and kissed her again, this time pressing his lips fully against hers. His mouth parted and she felt his tongue graze her lips. She parted her lips and their tongues met in an intimate dance. As the seconds, then minutes passed they kissed more passionately, and she felt his hands begin to caress her body. 

Still kissing, she moved closer to him, then swung her leg over and straddled him. She kissed him harder and slowly moved her hips over his crotch. She felt the results almost instantly as his cock grew hard feeling her pressing against him. She let out a small moan that escaped as far as his mouth before being consumed by their feverish kissing.

Alex stopped long enough to half say, half pant a few words; “God Valerie, you look so beautiful tonight. I want to make love to you, but only if you want me to.” She didn’t reply and instead just moved forward and kissed him harder, then spread her legs more and let his cock press against the soft flesh between her own legs.

He groaned and moved his hands over her body, stopping at her ass to knead and feel its firmness. Before she knew it his hands were up to her top, removing it quickly and discarding it over the side of the couch.

“Not here, you deserve better, much better,” he said, wrapping his strong arms around her waist and pulling her with him as he stood up. Alex could feel the heat coming from her body, and her firm bra covered breasts pushed against his chest only made him walk faster.

He carried her to the master bedroom and laid her down on the bed softly. Her legs were still straddling him, and he ran his hands over them slowly until he got to the waistline of her tight pants. “Lift your hips baby, I want to see your beautiful body.”

Valerie lifted her hips as he unbuttoned her jeans, and in one slow, fluid motion he slid her pants off, and she lay there stretched out in just her panties and bra. “My God, Valerie. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love you so much, and God your body is perfect,” he said before grabbing the straps of her bra and pulling them down quickly to expose her breasts. He immediately went down and began to kiss her stomach, unclasping her bra from the front as he did. He kissed up to her midsection, then on to her breasts. She let out a moan as his tongue shot out to lick and suck on her nipple.

He took his time, giving her breasts all his attention, until she took his face in her hands and brought him up for another kiss. The kiss lasted several minutes, during which time her hands made their way under his shirt to help him off with it. As he took his shirt off he stood up, and when he got it off and was able to see her again he saw she was now sitting up and staring at the bulge in his pants.

“I want to see your body, I want to see all of you,” she said, moving her hands over to his belt and undoing it. He helped her get his pants off and lay down next to her after quickly removing his shoes and socks. He was wearing a pair of black boxer briefs, the kind that she really loved to see on a man. But she didn’t want to see them on Alex; she didn’t want to see anything on Alex’s body.

They spent several minutes exploring each other’s bodies with their hands, until Alex’s thumbs hooked into the sides of her panties and slid them off her smooth legs. He slid down the bed and soon was at eye level with her sex. It glistened in the dim lighting of the room, and he could make out the small valley of her clean-shaven pussy. Her lips protruded ever so softly, and he could tell they were slightly swollen; she was no doubt very turned on. 

His tongue found her right leg, down by her knee, and he began to slowly trail his way up to her inner thigh, planting soft kisses as he went. She could feel his tongue getting closer and closer to her burning sex, and it took all her will power to keep from grabbing his head and forcing him to eat her pussy.

His tongue made its way up, and as it made contact with her clit sparks shot through her body. She writhed in passion, and spread her legs for his tongue. “Oh Jesus, yes Alex. Slide your tongue inside me. Taste how hot you’re making me,” she heard herself saying, not believing the words that were coming from her mouth, but also not caring.

Alex’s tongue slid inside her, sending feelings through Valerie’s body that she had all but forgotten. Her hips moved in rhythm with his tongue, sending waves of pleasure through her body. He found all her sensitive areas, but when she felt his finger slide deep inside her she felt new height of pleasure. 

Valerie moaned loudly, gripping the sheets on the bed and moving her hips faster to make his finger touch areas inside her that drove her wild. “Your finger feels so good, baby,” she said to him, urging him on. Her words caused him to thrust his finger inside her faster, and she felt the initial waves of an orgasm building. “Don’t stop… oh, I’m going to cum!” she screamed as her orgasm took over her body. She arched her hips high and strained against his finger, wanting to feel it deeper. When she calmed down she could feel his lips around her clit, the tip of his tongue hitting her clit and sending intense feelings through her whole body.

Valerie moved back, unable to take anymore, and sat up. She kissed Alex on his lips hard, and ran her tongue over his lips, tasting herself. “Stand up,” was all she said. Alex stood up at the end of the bed and in one quick motion she pulled his underwear down, exposing the fullness of his hard cock. She drank its size in with her eyes, admiring the shaved area above his erection. His cock was well above average, and if she had to she’d guess almost seven and a half inches, but right now she could care less how big he was. 
