 It was a nice day when Claire came around selling Girl Scout cookies. The weather was warm but not too warm and there was a game I wanted to see on TV. I was casually dressed, basically a pair of shorts, and had settled down on the couch to watch, a can of beer at hand. Then there came this knock on the door.

I was feeling too damn lazy to move. I was comfortable and couldn't see why I had to get up just because someone wanted something.

"If you really want to see me, come in. Otherwise just go away. I'm in the front room," I yelled.

I heard the door open and a few moments later Claire walked into the room. I looked her over.

"Bit old to be a Girl Scout, aren't you?" I observed.

I'd seen Claire around a bit and I was damned certain she was too old to belong to the Girl Scouts. Pushing twenty, I thought, or maybe even older.

"I," she said with great dignity, "am a Troop Leader. It may surprise you to learn that Troop Leaders do tend to be somewhat older than the actual girls in the troop."

I nodded, conceding the point.

"I see," I said affably. "And how may I help you Troop Leader? If you've lost any of your chickens I'm afraid I haven't found them."

"I know where all my girls are," she replied. "Like me, they're out selling Girl Scout Cookies. How many boxes can I put you down for?"

I had a suspicion that she would continue to badger me until I bought a box, which would mean I'd have to get up to pay for them. Feeling slightly put upon I rose to my feet. Once on my feet I gave Claire another once over.

Like I said, twentyish. Long blonde hair and hazel eyes. Athletic build as long as the athlete comes with a nicely endowed bosom. She had the figure to fill out the Girl Scout uniform to its best. I wouldn't, I decided, mind seeing her naked. In fact I was prepared to pay good money for it.

"I'll buy a box of cookies for each item of clothing that hits the floor," I informed her, smiling gently.

"You're kidding," she said, staring me right in the eye, not flinching in the slightest.

I shook my head, continuing to smile.

"Two boxes per," she snapped, giving me her own bland smile.

Something about that smile told me she was up to something, but I was damned if I could see what. At the very least she'd be showing off her undies to me.

"Deal," I said. "Two boxes per."

Talk about being set up and walking into it blind. I should have been more explicit when I phrased the request. That rotten bitch took a step towards me and jerked hard on my shorts, pulling them down. She also grabbed hold of my undies and yanked them down as well, leaving me with shorts and underpants pooled around my ankles.

"Right," she said with a smile. "That's four boxes. Not enough if I'm going to be the one who sells the most."

So I'm standing there with my cock hanging out and feeling as though I'd been slapped with a dead fish. I mean, I'm in a total state of shock. She'd followed the letter of the agreement, not the intent. A born politician. And while I'm standing there stunned she's calmly checking her order book and coming to a conclusion.

"Nope," she said, sounding quite cheerful. "I need more sales."

With that she started undoing her blouse. 

So I'm still standing there, finding things getting more surreal by the moment, as Claire casually strips off. And I mean strips. First her blouse and then her skirt hit the floor, followed in quick order by her bra and panties. With all these clothes falling down my cock is paying attention and standing tall, and seemed to be getting taller by the second.

"Right," she said, making an entry in her order book. "That takes it to twelve boxes. Do you have a favourite type?"

"Ah, choc-chip and mint chocolate," I managed to burble.

"And done," she said. "You know, twelve boxes aren't really all that many. May I suggest those that want to double the order put up their hand?"

I kept my hands firmly by my side. I had a nasty suspicion that if I lifted them I'd be putting them around her neck. She gave me the once over and smirks.

"Not exactly putting up your hand," she said, her own hot little hand closing around my cock and giving a gentle squeeze, "but I'll take it as a valid request to double up. Ah, why don't you be a sport and round it off to twenty five boxes? You know you want to."

I know what I wanted to do and it had nothing to do with Girl Scout cookies. However I found myself dumbly nodding, wondering what the hell I would do with twenty five boxes of cookies. Give most of them to the local hospital, I guess.

She tossed her order book down on the coffee table and looked around, apparently deciding she'd pushed her luck enough and that it was time to get dressed and run. 

"Hey, wait a moment," I snapped, finding both my tongue and my temper. "You don't really think I'm going to let you get away with this sort of stunt do you?"

I mean, really, no way was I buying twenty five boxes of cookies. She was dreaming if she thought I would.

"Well, yes and no," she said. "I think that yes, you will buy the cookies. I also think that no, you won't let me get away with it. I'm quite sure that any moment now you will drag me down onto the carpet and fuck me hard. That'll show me I shouldn't play games with you." 

That didn't leave me much room, now did it? I was standing there naked with an erection big enough to choke a horse and she was standing there, also naked, confidently stating that she expected me to fuck her. I suspect that she'd wanted to say rape but it would have been hard to justify calling it that. She wasn't exactly making a pretence of reluctance.

Her nipples were already erect. I guess the stripping and groping had got to her, not that I had been doing any stripping or groping. Getting stripped and groped, yes, but doing it? Not yet. Probably not at all. I might as well just lay her down and have it and see how she likes it.

I reached over and dragged her up tight against me, giving her a chance to feel my erection pressing against her tummy. Once I thought she'd had time to appreciate her coming gift I kicked her legs out from under her, controlling her fall down onto the carpet. (OK. So I didn't actually kick them. I swept them out from under her, but the result was the same. Her flat on her back.)

Taking her ankles I swept them high and wide, kneeling between her thighs at the same time. Her pussy looked ready for masculine attention, being flushed and swollen. I had my erection lined up and my cock driving forcefully into her before she had time to finish shouting, "What the fuck?"

Her startled shout turned into a startled scream as she found me driving in deep, not waiting for her to adjust. By the time her scream came to a close I was mashing my groin firmly against her, laughing at her while I did so. She was glaring up at me, looking put-out and furious.

"What the fuck?" she said again, albeit quieter.

"Just demonstrating that I'll take no more nonsense from you," I told her. "Isn't that what you expected? Doesn't matter. I suggest you start fucking because I'm certainly going to."

With that I started fucking. No other way to describe it. I pulled back and slammed home again while she screamed in outrage, trying to adjust and move with me. I'd got in a good half dozen vigorous strokes before she was able to adjust and settle into a rhythm with me. Once she had adjusted things went along just fine, apart from her kindly words of abuse.

"You," she said, "are an unmitigated bastard."

"What," I asked, driving in with some powerful oomph, "are you complaining about? You said you were expecting this. I fail to see what your problem is."

"I expected a little bit of finesse, to say the least," she retorted, humping her hips and driving fiercely up to meet me.

"Really? Why? It seemed to me that you were ready and waiting and I hated to keep a lady waiting."

"Fuck you," she snapped, demonstrating that her actions were matching her words. "You just wanted to make me uncomfortable and shocked."

"True. There are different levels of finesse, aren't there?" 

She gave me a female type look. One of those ones that said 'you may be right but you'll pay for being right'. She didn't say anything else. I was giving her what she'd expected, just not in the way she'd expected.

Her legs were now wrapped around my waist, and I mean my waist. This wasn't to control me but to ensure I went as deep as was possible into her. I was bouncing on her in fine style and she was gasping and muttering and responding with every ounce of energy she had. 

I kept up the pressure, stirring her arousal and lifting her excitement until she was just about ready to climax. Then I adjusted my stroke slightly, trying to keep her poised at that point.

She was quick, I'll give her that. It only took a few moments of being held just short of her climax and she caught on to what I was doing. She instinctively pressed harder herself, trying to hurry things along, forcing me to make some hurried adjustments to hold her back.

She lost her temper. The names she called me. Quite hurtful they were.

"What is your problem?" I asked, all innocence. "You seem to be responding nicely from my point of view. I could have sworn you were enjoying yourself."

"Just finish it," she yelled, clinging to me rather tightly.

"You want me to stop?" I asked, sounding shocked. "Ah, if you insist. ."

I didn't know someone could yell 'no' quite so loudly, or accompany the word with such heartfelt threats.

"I didn't say stop. I said finish it." There was a note of pleading in her voice.

I gave her a wink and applied myself. It only took a few harder strokes and she spontaneously combusted. Or that's what it seemed like. She climaxed with great vigour but, oddly enough, silently. She seemed to lose her voice as she came.

Afterwards she dressed quickly. No embarrassment or wanting to talk about it. She had a job to do, selling cookies.

She departed, promising me my cookies would be arriving in a few days. Oh, lucky me. Twenty five boxes of cookies and I rarely ate the things. Still, I could always write the cost off my taxes as a donation to the hospital.

Also on the plus side, Claire had to return to deliver the cookies. When she did I might just show her how I could finesse her out of her panties and have my wicked way with her. There again, if today was any indication, I might have to defend my honour instead of tackling hers.