 A few weeks ago, one of the local girls came around to sell me GS cookies. Since I do love those cookies, I made a good sized order. The little scout was cute, in her forest green uniform, and her innocence made me smile. When I placed the order, (about 10 boxes) I asked her how long before she'd deliver them, and would she be able to bring them all since the order was so big.

She mentioned that when people order a large amount of cookies, her mom helps her deliver them, so I wasn't particularly worried.

While I was spending some time cleaning up the house on a Saturday afternoon, I got a quick cell phone call from the mother of that little girl scout. She was delivering the big orders, and mine was the final order she had. She asked if now was a good time, and I told her anytime this afternoon would be good.

About an hour later the doorbell rang, and I went to open the door. I was stunned by what I saw. First, she was very pretty. Mid 30s, blonde and blue, with a gleam in her eyes that made me suspect that there was mischief behind the pretty face sometimes. That wasn't my only surprise though. Much to my surprise, this lovely creature was wearing a Girl Scout uniform, complete with the sensible shoes. Needless to say I had never seen a Girl Scout uniform filled out in quite that way. I could only imagine what was underneath the prim and proper uniform.

I invited her inside, and asked her if she wanted something to drink. She looked a little frazzled, and I wanted her to relax a bit. While we were chatting about nothing in particular, I noticed that she was subtly checking me out. I'm not anyone's idea of the perfect male specimen, but I don't scare anyone away.

As we talked, I couldn't help but comment on her uniform.

"I have to say I like the way you fit into that uniform. It puts all kinds of questions in my head."

"Questions? What kind of questions?" she said as the twinkle in her eyes got more intense. "Ask me. I might even tell you, or possibly show you. You never know now, do you?"

"Well," I said, "What does a good Girl Scout wear under her uniform?"

As I watched, she smiled and stood in front of me. She smiled and started undoing her buttons, one by one. This lovely creature was going to slowly reveal what she had under that uniform. I could hardly take my eyes off the fabric as it slowly parted and buttons came loose. When she got about 5 or 6 buttons undone, she stepped close in front of me and told me to look for myself. Inside was a very sensible cotton bra, nicely filled with firm breasts, and the nipples starting to become hard. I could already tell that she was aroused. Her breathing was getting shallow, and as I touched her she trembled now and then. I reached behind her and undid her bra, and she slipped out of it without too much trouble, even while keeping her dress on. I caressed her breasts, and teased her nipples until they were as hard as they could be. I took both of them in each hand and looked into her eyes.

"Have you been a naughty Girl Scout?" I asked.

"No, I have been very good," she almost whispered.

"But you want very much to be naughty now, don't you? I asked, looking into her blue eyes.

"Oh please!" she begged. "I very much want to be naughty. I hate having to be so proper for the girls all the time. Please make me do naughty things"

I smiled at her and thought for a minute. While I was thinking, she looked at me with such longing that I had a pretty good idea of what she needed.

"OK, first I'd like you to stand here in front of me with your back to me." She meekly turned around, and I ran my hands around her ribs, cupped her breasts and teased them some more. I then ran my hands down her hips to her legs. I hadn't noticed, but her uniform was complete with knee socks. I ran my hands up her legs and under her dress. What I found there were a plain pair of white cotton panties, which I slowly removed, sliding them slowly off her hips and ass, and down her legs. When I got to the floor with her panties, she stepped out of them. I tucked them into my pocket. I had noticed that they were very damp and knew that was what I was going to investigate next. I brought her over to the couch and stood her in front of me, facing me this time.

"Now, I want you to do exactly what I tell you to do. Girl Scouts are obedient, aren't they?" She nodded at me and smiled. "I want you to reach to the hem of your dress and slowly pull it up around your waist. Keep your feet apart while you do this."

I wanted the strip tease to continue, and I wasn't disappointed. She grabbed her dress, and teased it up her legs and hips, one side, then the other. She even dropped it back a little when it got pretty high. Finally I saw all of her. She was shaved clean. A very naughty Girl Scout indeed. But I could tell she was very horny by this time. The thought of her performing this naughty little tease was making her crazy with lust. Her lips were already wet with her juices, and I could see the tip of her clit peeking out between her bare lips.

I reached over and ran my fingers through the wetness, and looked up at her face as I tasted her. I then held one finger out for her to watch, and I used it to part her lips and slide inside her. I teased the inside of her vagina, and then angled it so I could slide it in as deep as it would go. When I did that, she went up onto her toes with a gasp and a shudder, but her juices flowed even more, coating my hand. I slid my finger out, and on the way I used it and my thumb to roll her clit around until she almost came.

I let her down then, helping her to her knees in front of me. I tipped her head up to look at me and told her that I would like the best blow job she could give. She nodded eagerly and pulled down my pants. She took my cock out and started by licking it from base to head. After covering it with her tongue, she came up on her knees a bit and slid the entire length into her mouth. I knew that she had done this part of our little game before. It was incredible, and the sight of this Girl Scout leader in uniform, complete with the little beret was very arousing for me. Her technique was about to send me over the edge, so I told her to stop for now and stand back up.

I turned her around then, with her back to me and told her to bend over and put her hands on the coffee table.

I lifted her dress back up over her hips, and ran my hands all over her nice ass. Her legs were shaking, and she was actually dripping with anticipation. I couldn't wait any longer. I stood up behind her and slid my cock into her. It was incredibly tight, and very slippery. When I drove into her, she arched her back and pushed her ass back towards me. Each time I slid inside, she grunted with the force of my thrust, and before either of us knew it, her pussy started to contract around me, and we both had a huge orgasm.

I held her there for a moment, then helped her stand and collect herself. She buttoned up and slid her skirt into place, and turned to me and kissed me for the first time. It was long and soft, and then she picked up her bag and left.

Ten minutes later the phone rang, and it was her. "I forgot to give you your cookies, didn't I?"

laughed and said, "I guess you'll have to come back and make the actual delivery in the next few days."

"Oh please yes," she said, "I'll call you soon when I can't stand all this propriety. I need to be naughty more often." And I heard the smile in her voice as she hung up.