 She is standing at the sink, chopping vegetables for dinner. She is home from work and has put on some comfortable pants and a t-shirt. She took off her bra but is still wearing the lacy panties she wore to work today.

He enters the kitchen and walks up behind her at the sink.

"Hi love," he says. "What's for dinner?"

"Nothing fancy," she says. "Just some pork chops on the grill and a salad. It's too hot out for anything else."

"Good thing we are inside where the AC is working," he says as he wraps his arms around her and nuzzles her neck.

Her nipples harden immediately and he can see them through the thin material of her t-shirt. He knew she wouldn't have a bra on. It is one of the first things she takes off when she comes home. "Hmm, you like that?" he asks.

"You know I do," she says, tilting her head to the side. He continues to nuzzle her neck, now planting a soft kiss every now and then. He can see the goose bumps on her arms. He knows how quickly this turns her on.

She wipes off her hands on a towel, sets the towel aside and reaches behind her to caress the growing bulge in his pants. "Good lord man, but you know how to make me wet in a heartbeat."

He continues kissing her neck and runs his hands up under her shirt to cup her breasts. He rolls her hard nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand, making them harder if that's possible. She moans now and he starts to lightly run his tongue along the back of her neck, just at her hairline. She arches away from him, thrusting her breasts towards his hands. She moves from caressing the hard bulge under his pants to undo the button and slide down the zipper. She reaches in through his briefs to finally run her fingers along his hard cock. Now she can hear his breath catch.

He turns her around, pulling her close and pressing his hard cock against her leg. They share a slow, soft kiss that leaves both of them breathless. He steps away and takes her hand to lead her to the island in the center of the kitchen. "I'm hungry for a taste of something else," he says with a smile and pats the marble of the center island. "Hop up here love." Another flood of wetness soaks her pussy and she smiles back at him.

She lifts herself up to sit on the island. He slides her pants off and runs his fingers along the lace at the edge of her panty leg. He lifts the lace ever so slightly to run his fingers along her outer lips. He pushes her back to lie down on the island and slides her panties off. He kneels on the floor, hooks her knees over his shoulders and slides her toward him so that her engorged pussy is at the edge of the counter. 

He blows gently on the outer lips, making her squirm. "Baby, you are so wet. Did I do that to you?"

"Yes," she breathes.

"Would you like me to lick you?" he asks.

"Yes," she breathes again.

Slowly and lightly he runs his tongue up each of the lips of her outer labia. He can see the moistness dripping out of her now and she squirms as she tries to direct his tongue where she wants it. After a few more delectable licks on the outside lips, he runs his tongue from the opening of her pussy up between her inner lips and brushes across her clit. When his tongue hits her clit she twitches and moans. He sucks each of the inner labia lips into his mouth, hearing her breathing grow more ragged. She has nothing to clutch onto on the cold kitchen counter and nowhere to dig her heels in for leverage and move her pussy toward his tongue. She stretches her arms over her head as her hips roll back and forth under his now constant licking and sucking. Finally, he sucks her clit into his masterful lips making her twitch repeatedly and moan long and loud.

He inserts one, then two fingers into her dripping pussy. He begins to stroke and then finds exactly the right spot by curling his fingers ever so slightly. Between the pressure of his fingers on her G-Spot and the sucking on her clit he sends her into a hard orgasm with a loud and incoherent howl. "Right there!" she breathes. "Baby, please, just like that. Don't stop!" She launches from the first orgasm into a series of more. Three, four, they both lose count. Finally she pushes his hand and head away. "No more baby, please, I'm too sensitive now."

He slides her back so her butt is completely on the counter and she can support herself. He stands between her legs and sheds his pants. Before she can completely recover he thrusts his hard cock completely inside her so he can feel the continuing contractions from her orgasm. He throws his head back and mutters "Oh baby, you are so wet and so tight. I love that I can do that to you."

He begins to thrust into her hard and fast. She wraps her legs around him. She cups her breasts rolling each nipple between a thumb and forefinger so he can watch as he thrusts into her. Her G-spot is still engorged and he is stroking across it with every thrust.

"Oh baby, you are stroking me so right. I'm going to cum again," she says.

Those words cause his balls to tighten and with a few more strokes he lets out his own loud groan as he cums inside of her. His orgasm is followed by her smaller orgasm, her body still reacting from the action of his tongue and fingers.