 I fell asleep shortly after our fuck-fest Monday night and slept like a baby until the middle of the night. When I woke to go to the bathroom, Melissa was gone. I looked out the window on my trip to piss and her lights were still on. I assumed she was fine and crawled right back in bed. I picked up my phone to check. Had a message from Kate that she got her hotel and was settling in...and one from Melissa. Just a smiley :). I returned the smiley. I was happy as I drifted back to sleep.

In the morning, I got up as usual and headed off to work. Had a non-eventful day. Mid-afternoon, I text Melissa and asked if she'd like to join me for some burgers cooked on the grill. She texted that she had to work a little late but "definitely".

I left work early and stopped at the grocery to get supplies on the way home. When I got home, I laid down on the couch to get a little rest. 

Next thing I know, I was waking up to Melissa standing next to the couch. She was holding my shoulder bent over me. "Hey neighbor" she whispered lightly shaking me. "Did I wear you out last evening?" 

"Must've" I answered shaking the cob webs out. "What time is it?" 

"6:00" she responded. "too late for cookout?"

"No way!" I growled. "I promised"

As my vision cleared, I noticed she was wearing a light and airy tan dress. Almost like a sun dress, strapless with the top elastic wrapping around her very ample breasts. I scanned her up and down as I sat up.

"You look gorgeous!" I complimented "love your dress"

"Thanks" she smiled "I changed quick for our cookout when I got home from work. 

"Hehehe...I'm not wearing any underwear!" she taunted. She stepped back lifting it teasingly to above her waste. I watched in awe as it rose slowly to where I got the view. I kind of gasped and squealed when I got the shot. There was her gorgeous little slit, closed-up tight but as bare as a baby's behind! She had shaved it.

"Oooooh!" I snickered sitting up in my chair. I reached out as she still held it up and felt it gently. "So smooth and nice"

"Now don't get me all wet and swelled before we eat" she said lowering her dress back down and then holding it tight in her groin.

"Huhhh" I grunted "I want an appetizer! Cookout can wait."

Her eyes got real big. She smiled down at me easing toward me. She put her finger on my head and whispered. "Lay back down"

I laid back down flat on the couch. She started maneuvering to straddle me so I adjusted to the outside edge. She rested her knee gently down on the back of the cushion behind me. She lifted her dress enough to cover me up and then lowered down onto my face. I watched as her legs and pussy lips spread above me under her light dress.

I snuck my hands in under her dress as she nuzzled down on me. I grabbed her bare hips guiding her down lifting my face into her. She was super juicy again as my face entered her pussy. I licked to spread her lips and swallowed her juices. She was perfumed and sweet. I licked more nectar and eased my mouth and tongue around her clit and upper labia. She began a slow grind against my face. 

I tried to keep pace keeping my tongue on her clit flicking when I could. Her pace got consistently faster and the weight pressing me down did also. Soon my head was pressed down hard into the cushions as she rode my face. I pushed my tongue into her as far as I could and tried to keep it there. My nose was still partially clear for me to breathe so I kept pace with her.

My face and chin were soaking wet from her juices. It was starting to run down my neck and into my back onto the cushion. I felt her hands on the side of my head clutching my hair and my ear holding me in tight pulling me in tighter. My tongue was as deep as my tongue would go. I was starting to get panicky when her grinding suddenly stopped and I felt her shuttering over me. Her hands were still clasped tight to my head. Her grip loosened and she eased up slightly off me. I could feel a rush of juices flowing out of her around my tongue onto my face and into my mouth. I sucked and licked them in, partly to keep from drowning. I helped push her off a little. She lifted her leg off the couch and back onto the carpet beside. Her dress flowed over my face and down. I could see again. I looked up and focused to see her bend and kneel beside me, then lower to kiss me. She gently sucked and licked around my mouth cleaning me. She reached and grabbed my hand encouraging me to sit up.

I caught my breath and struggled to sit up. She helped guide me into position sitting upright on the couch. I silently followed her guidance and watched for my next move. She kneeled on the floor in front of me. I smiled.

"That was a real face ride!" she said as unbuckled my belt. "Are you ok?" I shook my head "yes" as she unclipped my pants, unzipped me, and pulled my pants off. She yanked hard as I lifted my ass helping. My pants slid down freeing my swelled member. She looked straight into my eyes and pushed my knees apart spreading me wide. My penis stood at full attention before her. 

She kneeled admiring her bounty, sliding her hands back and forth on my thighs. I pulsed and sprung up and down in anticipation. Her left hand slid down the cushions and lifted my balls gently. She was teasing me! She was teasing me so fucking good!! Her right hand moved up and gripped me firmly around the base. She began stroking slowly but firmly as she looked back into my eyes. She continued, driving me crazy with anticipation. I dropped my head back onto the cushion behind me, relaxing, giving into the pleasure of the hand job.

She lowered her head down still staring at me, but stopped, lips just above my throbbing head, still stroking slowly. She gathered a huge wad of saliva at the tip of her mouth and let it slowly dribble off the end of her tongue engulfing the tip and flowing down into her steady stroking. Lubed now, my cock slid easily through her grip. She stopped her stroke at the top and began rotating her thumb at my most sensitive spot under the head. I squirmed pushing up encouraging her to put it in her mouth.

Finally, I pleaded "Please suck it! Suck it deep!"

She must have been waiting for me to beg because she immediately lowered and took it in. She took it in deep. Right to the base in one steady motion, without hesitation, without any gags. I could feel her throat tight around the head. She began a slow steady sucking, followed steadily with a firm stroking. Her grip followed her lips right to the head each time.

She watched my reactions as she continued. I squirmed and groaned each time it went deep touching her throat. My hips started automatically trying to match her rhythm pushing me as deep as possible into her throat. I raised my head, watching her, admiring her technique. 

"You enjoy sucking cock?" I asked her teasingly. 

She nodded keeping rhythm. I smiled at her.

I reached down with both hands placing them gently on the sides of her head by her ears. I guided her down trying to encourage her to go faster. When she seemed to enjoy it, I held a little tighter and pushed her faster. Her eyes moved from my face down to my groin watching what she was doing. I continued to force her faster, starting to feel the tingle of an orgasm, wondering if she would want me to come in her mouth. I almost asked her. I waited.

Her left hand went down lifting her dress moving directly to her pussy. She started masturbating hard. I could hear the juices of her as she jerked it. Those juices drove me crazy. I suddenly had the uncontrollable urge to fuck her. I wanted to feel that sopping wet pussy really bad.

I moved her head off my cock. Almost forcefully. The saliva ran from her mouth. She looked confused and wasn't ready for that. I guessed she was close to orgasm guessing by the rate she was still rubbing her clit. She just relaxed and let me handle her as I moved off the couch laying her down on her stomach, ass over the side. Her one hand braced her on the couch. Her other still stroked her pussy. She was coming as I manhandled her into position. I threw her dress up over her back, put one knee down on the carpet below her, and, and moved into position behind her. My cock slid into her soaked pussy easily. Her hand was still clutching her clit as I pushed in as deep as I could. She moaned and shivered. I held there, feeling her. She was convulsing around me as I held my cock deep.

"Oh fuck is that HOT!" I whispered to her and leaned over her back. "Keep coming for me baby.."

I began slow and deep, as she quivered and convulsed, barely breathing under me. As she started to relax I increased my rhythm. I slapped hard against her ass sending her cheeks in a wave up through her back. She groaned each time I hit deep home. The animalistic fucker in me took over as I continued to pound her. My only thought was to come. She laid flat on the couch. Her hands gripped the back of the cushions squeezing them flat. I started to feel the ache of orgasm filling my groin. I fucked even harder and faster! Suddenly I felt a gush of fluid surrounding my cock squirting out around me. Her pussy was contracting almost pushing me out. I kept fucking. She convulsed under me helpless to even move. My balls tightened up inside of me. I pulled out flopping my twitching cock onto her ass. Spurts of come shot out covering her back. I bare fucked her ass crack as come continued to ooze out. I finally grabbed it and stroked the last drops out onto her right cheek.

Melissa lay motionless still in doggie position half on the couch. also exhausted, I laid down beside her long wise on the couch, resting my legs up over her back. A few minutes went by till she finally moved, sliding under my raised legs and up onto the couch snuggling against me. She said nothing. She just gently kissed my chest as she lay. 

"Did I hurt you?" I asked.

"I don't think so." She giggled. "If you did, I want to be hurt again!"

I laughed back at her.

"I've never been fucked like that!" she continued. "I've never come like that."

I giggled again and pulled my arm up around her pulling her in. I caressed her shoulder and breast.

"Can we make those burgers now?" she suddenly asked. "I'm hungry. I need some food so we can fuck again!"