 It's hot and you go out to the communal pool to take a midnight swim. You have checked out the windows of all of the apartments and you do not see any lights on anywhere so you take a chance and leave your trunks at home...

You dive into the cool water and can feel your body temperature drop as the cool water rushes over you. You stay under the water and do a few laps before surfacing in the shallow end.

You did not notice my legs dangling in the cool water as you broke the surface and only realized I was there when you came up in between my open legs. You open your eyes and staring you practically in the face is my hot wet pussy. You see I saw you leave your apartment with no clothes on, I was just shutting down for the night so my lights were already out so you did not see me...but I saw ALL of you and was suitably impressed!! I decided to come out and introduce myself to me new neighbour...

I have one hand lazily stroking my pussy lips while the other pinches my nipples. I spread my lips so you can see the glistening pink folds of my pussy. You are mesmerized as I dip one finger inside my pussy and bring it up to my lips and suck it dry. I move my leg in small circles and introduce myself.

'hi sexy...my name's April and I live in 3C, I couldn't help but notice your perfect form as you dove into the water...I just had to come and compliment you!"

You tell me your name is Joe and you have been here for just over a week now and I am the first neighbour to come and be friendly...

I chuckle and scoot my ass closer to the edge of the pool and lean back on my arms. I bring one leg out of the water and place it on the edge of the pool, you can't help yourself...you need to taste me so you lean forward and lick me with your flattened tongue. I moan softly and drop my head back so my hair is just touching the concrete of the pool surround. You stick your tongue inside me and slowly fuck me with it. I reach up and begin pinching my nipples as you work your tongue all over my pussy. I drop my leg to the side giving you more access to every inch of my sweet honey filled pussy. You run your hands all over my ass and legs and work your way closer and closer to my pussy. You spread my lips open with your fingers and work them inside me as you run your tongue up to my clit. You begin to move your fingers in a cum hither motion and I moan louder. You begin to suck on my hard little clit as you fuck me with your fingers.

I am bucking my hips up to meet your tongue as you work my pussy over like a fucking pro. I cum with a loud groan and you lap up every last drop of my sweet juices and allow me to cum over and over again.

I lie back on the cool concrete and catch my breath. Finally I stand up and dive over your head into the cool water.

I do a few laps under the water myself and come up just in front of you, you have turned and now have your back so that your back is along the edge of the pool. I break the surface and smooth my hair back and wrap my arms around your neck and bring your face closer to mine for a long deep kiss. Our tongues tangle together and I bring my body closer to you. I can feel your rock hard cock poking my belly and I reach down and begin stroking it. You bring your lips to my ear and moan into it and grab my ass and bring me even closer than I already was.

I push you up onto the edge of the pool and now my face is right in front of your cock. The water has beaded and is running down to your balls. I grab the shaft and squeeze it while I run my tongue over the head of your cock. I suck just the head for a minute or two and reward you by taking your full length deep into my mouth. You cannot take your eyes off of my mouth, you love the way my mouth looks wrapped around your cock and you lean back to savour my technique.

I alternate between long and deep and short and fast sucks, I massage your balls gently and work my fingers down to your ass, I slowly insert 1 finger into your ass and give you a special massage that nearly brinks you to an orgasm. Your eyes fly open and you smile at me, you start to stroke my hair and your breath is getting shorter and you can feel the cum build up in your balls. A few more long deep sucks and my mouth will be filled with your hot salty seed. I suck faster and faster your hands tangling in my hair and finally you grunt and buck as my mouth fills with cum. I swallow with a wicked smile and wipe my mouth...

I jump up beside you on the edge of the pool and you grab me and roll me onto my back and slide your already hard cock into my still throbbing pussy. You have no idea how my body can be so cool yet my pussy is so hot. It's like my pussy is lined with silk fire and your cock cannot get enough. I wrap my legs around your hips and push my heels into your ass bringing you even deeper into me as is possible. You grind your cock into me and each thrust rubs your pelvis over my clit and I cum again in minutes. You follow right behind me and shoot another hot load of cum inside me, the throbbing of my pussy milks your cock and every last drop spills into my pussy.

You lie beside me and bring your lips to my ear and whisper that it's so nice getting to know the neighbours...you take me by the hand and we both dive into the water again to clean up...