 All characters in sexual situations are 18 years old or older.

&

Tommy was holding court, such as that was, in the parking lot of North side High school. Doug and Ralph both listened intently and with great awe as Tommy described his latest conquest.

"But supposed Mary Ann finds out?" Doug asked.

Mary Ann Valiancy was Tommy's girl. The five foot three inch blonde, with her thirty-eight Double D Breasts, slim waist and well-rounded hips, made most of the senior boys (and a few of the Senior girls) drool. But she was never seen with anyone, wasn't known to be dating anyone.

+++

"Um, if y'all are so tight, how come we never see y'all hanging out?" Wendell had dared to ask, which is why Wendell now sat alone, not part of Tommy's court any longer.

"'Cause, dumb ass," Tommy had said through gritted teeth, incensed that anyone would dare question him, "Her old lady doesn't want her little girl dating anyone, so we have to keep it 'Hush-Hush.'"

"Yeah, but even at school?" Wendell pressed the matter further, despite Ralph's elbowing him in the side.

Tommy glared at him for a long moment, and then went on with his litany of what he and Mary Ann had done the night before in his bedroom.

+++

But Tommy wasn't talking about what he and Mary Ann Valiancy had done last Friday night; right now he was talking about what he and some anonymous girl had done. Tommy had picked the girl up at 'After The Fire,' the local disco in DeGarde Louisiana. It was named that because it used to be an automotive repair shop until it caught on fire. Now it was a discothèque, playing the latest hits of 1977. Supposedly the age limit was twenty-one, but they very rarely asked for ID so just about anyone that was cool went there.

Tommy, being a great dancer and being as cool as he was, with his skin tight polyester shirts and slacks, and platform shoes, was there nearly every Friday night, and if he and Mary Ann Valiancy weren't in his bedroom fucking like rabbits, on Saturday nights as well.

"She ain't going to find out," Tommy said glibly. "And if she does, so what?"

He grabbed the outline of his cock; visible through the tight lime green slacks he wore.

"Like she's going to be able to give this up," he laughed and Ralph and Doug laughed as well.

^^^

Mary Ann Valiancy fidgeted in her seat. It was 'that time of the month' for her and the tight jeans were killing her. The bloating was bad enough, but fashion dictated that your jeans be so tight you needed to lie down to zip them. And if anything, Mary Ann Valiancy followed the dictates of the fashion world. It didn't seem to matter, though.

After school that day, Doug LaPont watched furtively as Mary Ann Valiancy strolled past him. She didn't look at him; why should she? She already had someone as cool as Tommy Collins and Doug LaPont weren't in the same league as Tommy Collins.

Tommy Collins had a bitching fine 1971 Pontiac Lemans, all black, with Appliance rims and an eight track quadraphonic stereo system. Tommy Collins had his brown hair styled in a great looking perm, an 'Afro' style that all the cool white boys were sporting, and Tommy Collins had the nicest clothes out of any of the guys at North side High School. Once, he'd even dressed out for Physical Education class wearing his high top platform sneakers. Coach Matthews had really blown a gasket at that one!

Doug LaPont, being the son of a former Army officer, had his hair cut short, over his ears. His clothes were always neat, clean, but they just weren't in style. He drove his older sister's 1964 Chevy Impala. All it had in it was a crappy AM radio. She'd gotten a brand new Dotson B210 when she graduated from high school with a 3.85 GPA and an Academic Scholarship to the University of Southwest Louisiana in Lafayette, Louisiana.

No, Mary Ann Valiancy wasn't going to look at Doug LaPont twice. He wasn't cool like Tommy. Being that he really admired Tommy, looked up to him, he did not openly ogle Mary Ann Valiancy as her impressive breasts, outlined in their tight knit sweater and well rounded backside, framed in her tight jeans, strolled past him. He wished he were Tommy Collins; to be able to kiss those pretty pink lips, to stare into her warm brown eyes, to comb his fingers through her blonde hair. She had her hair styled just like that singer, Stevie Nicks, from Fleetwood Mac.

He wished he were Tommy Collins, to be able to run his fingertips over those breasts, to feel her nipples harden as his fingernails scraped them. He longed to put his arms around her waist and feel her breasts mash against his chest as he hugged her tightly. He wished he could grasp her buttocks in his hands and squeezed them lovingly, to hear her squeal and giggle as he playfully slapped them like Tommy did.

"Fucking bitch likes to be spanked a little every now and then, you know?" Tommy laughed.

Mary Ann strolled out to her car, actually her mother's car, a dusty rose-colored El Dorado Cadillac. She winced slightly at the heat from the white leather seat as it seared through her tight jeans, then smiled as a song she liked came pouring through the speakers. She drove off, The Bee Gees harmonizing to her about love and fun.

Doug slunk out to his car; he felt pretty guilty about lusting after his friend's girlfriend. He didn't even bother to turn the radio on; he'd find nothing but sports broadcasts at this time of the day and he didn't care anything about sports.

He looked on enviously as Tommy jumped into his black Lemans and cranked up Aero smith's 'Walk This Way,' as loud as possible. Tommy left a nice strip of rubber as he drove off in the same direction as Mary Ann Valiancy.

"Probably going to make out until her mother gets home, lucky fucking bastard," Doug thought, then put his own car in drive and drove off to his job at Delphy's Diner.

^^^

"Hey there, Doug," Mr. Gil called out as Doug clocked in and quickly got to work on the dishes that were stacked up from lunchtime. 

The inner crowd wasn't too bad and Doug managed to get out of there by nine thirty that evening. He glanced at the schedule and was elated to see that he had this coming Friday night off. Usually, Fridays were jammed packed in Delphy's and he didn't get out until eleven, sometimes eleven thirty. By then, he was sweaty and dirty, and tired and didn't feel like hitting After The Fire to hang out with Tommy and maybe pick up on Tommy's cast-offs. But this Friday, he would put on his new black silk shirt, his new black slacks and his highly polished black vinyl platform shoes, and get out there and dance and maybe get lucky. He might even get to squeeze some hot girl's boobs.

^^^

Friday rolled around and Doug happily dumped his books in his locker and strolled out to his car. He saw Tommy walk toward his own car and waved to him.

"Going to After The Fire's tonight?" he called out.

"Uh, it's Friday, right?" Tommy sneered.

"Yeah," Doug agreed.

"Then what the fuck you think?" Tommy said and cranked up Robin Trower's 'Bridge of Sighs.'

Doug sweated a bit as he dressed in his new clothes. He'd been practicing his dance moves in private and his older sister had shown him some of the things they were doing at her college when they got together for mixers and parties. But he was nervous all the same. 

He looked at himself in the mirror. He wasn't bad looking, other than the loser haircut his father insisted he get. Because he didn't shy away from hard work, his chest was broad and muscular as were his arms. The tight fitting shirt showed that off quite nicely. His tight slacks seemed to mold to his backside a little too snugly for his taste and his sister smirked slightly.

"Take the underwear off, you Goober," she said.

He left the room and returned a couple of minutes later. She didn't smirk now, as his lack of underwear seemed to amplify the outline of his manhood. She walked around him, and laughed at Doug's yelp when she playfully patted his backside.

"You looking good," she said and hugged him quickly. "Have fun, tiger."

^^^

Tommy's Lemans wasn't in the parking lot.

"Must have come in Mary Ann's car," Doug said to himself as he spotted the El Dorado.

True to form, the doorman didn't even look at Doug's driver's license, even though Doug held it out. Tommy had told him that's what you do. Act as if you don't care if they do look at your ID, they just assume you're twenty-one.

"Try to get in without showing it to them, they know you're not twenty one and they'll bust you right there," Tommy said. "It's all in the attitude."

Once inside, the music was nearly deafening and the lighting was horrible. What lighting there was was swirling around and flashing, making it nearly impossible to see anyone unless they were right in front of you.

Or if they happened to stand out like Mary Ann Valiancy. She stood at the bar and watched the dance floor. She was wearing a pair of white slacks and a tight pink blouse. Her pink platform sandals matched her blouse perfectly. She sipped her screwdriver and moved her head in time with the music. The black light that illuminated the bar made her white slacks all the more striking.

Doug looked around for Tommy, but he wasn't in sight. 

"Must be in the bathroom," Doug thought, and then spotted a hot looking red head as she stood a little further down.

"How would Tommy get that little fox out on the floor?" Doug asked himself, sweating a little bit.

"Hey mama," Doug said loudly. "What's happening?"

"Not much," Debbie giggled at the really hot looking guy that stood in front of her.

"Want to go show them how it's done?" Doug asked and nodded with his head toward the dance floor.

"Sure!" she agreed and they got out on the floor.

Debbie could feel herself getting wet as she looked at the bulge in Doug's slacks. His ass wasn't bad either as he gyrated or swiveled in front of her. She wasn't a bad dancer, but he was a great dancer and she was struggling to keep in step with imp. By the third song, she was sure that her jeans were soaked through in the crotch and sweat trickled down her skin. But he was smiling at her and she was smiling back.

A slow song came on and she glued herself to him.

"You want to fuck?" Debbie brazenly asked Doug.

"Do I ever!" he thought. "But I don't want to look too eager, I want to do it cool, like Tommy would."

"Only if I get to eat your hot little box first," he whispered in her ear and she excitedly giggled to the affirmative.

She dragged him to the rear of the building and behind a half-wall was a door to a no longer functioning stairwell. She put a clothes hanger on the outside knob then shut the door and the music, while still loud, was no longer deafening. She excitedly turned and faced a very nervous Doug.

"Now, where were we?" she giggled and thrust her tongue into his mouth. She fumbled with his zipper and pulled his stiff cock out.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she gasped. "You wanted to eat my pussy didn't you?"

With that, she struggled valiantly to ease her very tight jeans and panties down. She finally managed to do so and leaned against the door, legs splayed widely.

Doug wasn't really sure what to do; Tommy talked about eating Mary Ann's pussy all the time, but he didn't give very specific instructions. Then he remembered overhearing his sister on the phone with one of her friends.

"I mean, he just licked it up and down, slobbering all over the place, never got inside, and never came anywhere near my button," she complained.

So, Tommy would lick up and down the slit, then get his tongue firmly inside and would try to find her button. He knelt down on the floor in front of Debbie and slowly licked from her anus to the sparse hair just above her slit. He had to admit, the jokes he'd heard about pussy tasting like fish were off course; Debbie's pussy was a little musty tasting, but didn't taste anything like fish.

"Oh, yes!" Debbie hissed and he held her around her hips and delved his tongue deeply into her pussy.

"Mother fucker!" Debbie screamed as he dragged his tongue inside of her and firmly rasped his tongue across her clitoris.

"Must be her button," Doug thought and lightly licked her clitoris again. 

A shudder from her confirmed his suspicions and he sucked it into his mouth and bit down lightly.

"Fuck me now," she demanded after her third orgasm.

"Turn it around," Doug demanded as he rolled a condom onto his drooling cock. 

She turned around and thrust her pudgy ass toward him. She braced her hands against the door and squealed and giggled as he slapped her ass playfully before bending his knees slightly and sliding his cock into her well-lubricated pussy.

It wasn't a very comfortable angle and he finally tired of this clumsy thrusting and simply picked her feet off of the ground and straightened up. He began to hammer into her pussy from behind.

"Oh, shit, shit, shit!" Debbie screamed as she orgasmic. 

"Oh, shit," Doug, howled as his orgasm forcefully ejected from his cock. The condom did its job and quickly filled with his forceful spending, but did not enter Debbie's overheated pussy.

"You are dynamite!" Debbie cooed as she wiggled and wrestled her fleshy thighs and ass back into her panties and jeans.

Doug felt guilty. He knew that he didn't love this Debbie girl, hell; he didn't even know her last name. But what they'd just done was something that was supposed to be for people that loved each other. But Tommy wouldn't worry about that; he'd say something really cool and Debbie would know that she was something special, even if it was just a fuck.

"Hey, mama, I believe in giving as good as I get, you know?" he smiled and kissed her on her blushing cheek.

They unlocked the door and passed another couple that was obviously waiting their turn in the stairwell. Doug steered Debbie toward the bar and bought her a rum and coke and got himself a beer. She drank her drink then glanced at her watch.

"Oh, shit!" she squeaked. "I got to go!"

"What?" Doug said, as cool as Tommy would. "About to turn into a pumpkin?"

She downed her drink, jammed her tongue into his mouth, and then scampered to the door.

Tommy would have just started looking for his next conquest; but Doug felt pretty empty. He had just lost his virginity, but it meant mo more to that girl than blowing her nose would have. He finished his beer and looked around for Tommy. Mary Ann Valiancy stood in the same place at the bar, sipping another screwdriver, but there was still no sign of Tommy. Doug shrugged and walked off to the bathroom.

He peeled the sticky condom off of his now flaccid cock and dropped it into the overflowing wastebasket. He urinated happily, sighing as he did so.

"I heard that," a guy agreed as he shook his own cock free of drops and zipped up.

"Yeah, my fucking pants are so tight, I'm afraid to fart in them," Doug said.

"Fucking A right," the guy agreed and left the restroom without bothering to wash his hands.

"Nasty bastard," Doug muttered to himself and washed his hands.

There was still no sign of Tommy; Doug looked at his watch and checked it against the clock behind the bar. Here it was almost eleven o'clock.

Mary Ann was about to leave. She'd been ignored all night long, even though she was dressed as nice, even nicer than a lot of the girls in the bar. She knew a lot of the guys were checking her out, but none of them bothered coming up to her, asking her dance. If she stayed any longer, she'd have to have another drink. If she had another drink, she'd be to drunk to drive and the last thing she wanted to do was crash her mother's car. Her mother wouldn't care; her alimony paid for it, but she wouldn't let Mary Ann drive it anymore either.

Doug watched as Mary Ann turned to leave. She looked pretty sad and that tore at his guts. Dancing with her wasn't like cheating, was it? 

"I mean, if Mary Ann was my girl, I wouldn't get all pissed off if Tommy or Ralph danced with her," he reasoned. "And, hell, he's the one leaving her here all alone.

"Hey, you want to look good standing here, or you want to look good out there on the dance floor, what you say?" Doug asked from behind her.

"Finally!" she thought as she smiled and turned around.

Doug felt his insides melt as her thousand-watt smile lit up her face.

She'd recognized him. She'd seen him when he strolled in, looking all-bad in his black outfit, and she watched him dance with Debbie and then saw them disappear. She knew him from school; she had a few classes with him.

The Bee Gees were warbling through 'Jive Talking,' and Doug was really grooving with it and Mary Ann was bouncing and jiggling happily with him. Damn, but he was a good dancer. He didn't look all fruity when he was doing it either, like some of the guys that frequented After The Fire. You could tell they were dancing because they were into dancing. Doug was dancing because he was into women, was into her.

"Lucky fucking bastard," more than one guy muttered to himself as they watched Doug and Mary Ann on the dance floor.

More than one girlfriend got mad at their boyfriends that night as their boyfriends openly ogled Mary Ann.

At twelve fifty five, the disc jockey turned on his microphone and announced the last song; it was closing time. Donna Summers 'Last Dance' cane pouring out and Mary Ann came into Doug's arms for the slow intro to the song. He put his arms around her and felt her breasts, firm and round, mash into his chest. She looked up into his hazel eyes and smiled happily as she felt his cock twitch against her hip.

"You be here tomorrow night?" she asked as she got her purse from the bartender.

"Um, yeah, you?" Doug said and looked around for Tommy.

"I will if you will," she gurgled happily.

"Um, but what about um, you know, um, you and Tommy?" Doug asked her; uncomfortable with the open signals Mary Ann was giving him.

"Who?" she asked him, baffled.

"Ha ha, very funny," Doug said, a little irritated at Tommy for ignoring his girlfriend and a little irritated at Mary Ann for acting as if Tommy didn't matter.

"No, really, Tommy who?" she asked as they slowly walked toward the door.

Someone turned on the overhead lights and the place no longer looked mysterious and enveloping. It looked dingy and drab. Doug looked down into Mary Ann's brown eyes and couldn't help but is trapped by them.

"I um, I thought you and um, Tommy, Tommy Collins were like dating and stuff," Doug tore himself away from her warm eyes and stammered out.

"What?" Mary Ann screeched. "That weenie? He is so gross!"

He gave her the creeps; always staring at her. Some guys would look at her and admire her, but Tommy Collins made her uncomfortable the way he looked at her. She'd seen him a few times at After The Fire, acting all bad and shit, but coming off as really stupid for giving the DJ a hard time for not playing Led Zeppelin or Kiss or stuff like that. I mean, it's a disco, all right? They play disco music at a disco.

Doug was absolutely the first guy that ever came up and talked to her. The way he was looking into her eyes, she could really get used to that.

"You know what?" Doug said and smiled into the brown eyes. "If you'll be here, I'll be here. I don't get off of work until ten thirty, though. Is that too late?"

"Come on, kids," the bartender smiled and called out. "Some of us want to go home."

"Ain't stopping you," Doug good-naturedly called back, but he and Mary Ann left the nightclub.

The air outside was dank, warm and humid. Mosquitoes began to circle the couple, looking for any exposed flesh to attack.

"See you tomorrow," Mary Ann happily called out as she got into her mother's car and started the engine.

"Mother fucker's been lying his ass off the whole time," Doug thought as he started his own car and drove home.
