 Must be a 100 in the darkness....

You decide that you should take a cold shower to help cool yourself off.

After you enter the shower, I slowly sneak in the bathroom and remove all my clothes and jump in to join you. You look at me and open your arms, as if to say "COME ON IN THE WATERS FINE"....

I kiss you softly on the lips....the feeling of the water sliding down your gorgeous body makes me so hot....I start to rub the smoothness of your body...the water falling on our bodies... cool to the touch, but the heat between us is still lingering and so we do not cool down easily.... the water is only making us hotter even yet....

I am pressed against your body....feeling all of 
you... feeling your manhood grow against me. I push you back against the wall and kiss you harder now....then move and kiss and lick your neck, tasting you and the water, and my hands start to wander...your hands are around me now... and sliding up and down my back....I let my hand slide down to your legs....to the inside of your thighs, then to the middle and feel you in my hand, how hot I made you and that you are more than ready for me....

Then I slowly slide my hand down lower...feeling your balls cupped in my hand and then back up... and I wrap my hand around your cock....and start to feel it all in my hand, making me hotter... looking in your eyes, knowing that you want me... You slowly nudge me down...wanting to feel my mouth on your dick...I do not want to disappoint you so I kiss your nipples first...licking and nibbling your nipples... then start to lick you lower and then tease your belly button...and then lick lower and lower, while my hand is still stroking your ever so hard cock....

I get down to your cock...kiss the head...but then move and tease you by kissing your legs.... all the way down one and then back up the ther....I am still stroking you, and the water is now falling on my head... and you take your hands and push the hair out of my face so that you can watch and see everything. I then get to your cock again... and I spread your legs wider.....looking for your balls, I go up and kiss them softly....nipping slightly and kissing and licking... Then I take your cock in my hand and look you in the eyes and then slowly start to lick the shaft of your cock, you close your eyes and put your head back and feel the pleasure... Then I kiss the head and lick it....getting all your pre-cum first and then take your cock once deep and then pull back... Doing that makes you open your eyes....wanting to watch me wrap my lips around your hard cock....Now, you are looking at me, in your eyes, I see that the teasing is making you crazy... you want me to take you all the way.........

SOooo...I take your head and kiss it again.... then lick it and then kiss all the way up and down your shaft.....making you moan.....The feeling of your cock against my tongue is so hot that I am getting so wet....So then I start to nibble on your shaft...up and down...then take your cock in my mouth and slowly move up and down on you.....letting you feel my tongue against you at the same time....you are in my mouth and my tongue is teasing you while you are in there. I move up and down and then all around, letting your cock rub my face....all over my lips.... and then back in my mouth...deep and making my choke a little....I take you up and down...I start to suck you harder and harder.....

I can feel that you are tensing...I am moving fast now...and starting to stroke you at the same time, cupping your balls and stroking and sucking all at once...I reach over and squeeze your ass hard and pull you closer to my face...making you fuck my face.....I start to moan and love every minute and every pump....I start to suck like my life depended on it....you are starting to moan a little and I am saying,(mumbling actually...my mouth is full!!!) YES BABY, YES....

OHhhhh yes.... and you are watching and pulling my head closer...The water is hitting us and sliding down our bodies....everything is WET.... including me..... but all I want at that moment is to have your dick in my mouth....I WANT IT BAD......

I suck harder and harder and lick more and more.....cupping your balls now, then I feel you jerk forward one time, hard and fast and you hold my head and I can feel your dick pulsing in my mouth, the cum sliding deep in my throat, I still suck it all...I take it all loving every last drop of your juice... You lean back slowly and I kiss your dick caringly, only saying Mmmmmm baby....you take your hands and pull my head up slowly under my chin and look me in the eyes and say nothing, just look deep in me and then pull me up... Then you take me in your arms and hold me, just as I think that we are getting ready to clean up and get out of the shower and hold each other all night, you take me fast and push me up against the shower wall, you start to kiss my neck and then my breasts...making me groan with pleasure. I wrap my arms around you, rubbing your neck, and your head....feeling the water on us... all I can say is yes baby.... 

OMG.....F.U.C.Kkkkkk ME You slowly let your hands wander all over my body.... rubbing me softly, letting me know that you want every part of me...You reach down and cup my breasts... 

and then come down and kiss them and lick them....being gentle at first and then taking one in your mouth and nibbling on my nipple...OHhhh damn is all that I can muster....you take your other hand and slide it up my stomach and to my breast and pinch the one that is not in your mouth. You play with my nipple, making it hard and and excited by your touch....you push your hand down and lead your hand to my pussy, that can no longer take the neglect. It is begging for your attention....You take your hand and rub my legs and then lead your hand in between my legs and cup my pussy....and that makes me jump.... I am squirming under your touch, instinctivle my legs are spreading....you slowly take your fingers and rub my clit making me moan with pleasure, shooting the feelings of pain and pleasure right through me.

Baby, you're making me SOooo HOT, I tell you...

you then take your finger and slide it in me, I can no longer hold back....you slide in and out and I grab for your dick.....trying to feel you and take control again, I barely grab on to your once again hard cock and you push my hands back....teasing me and not letting me take control....I am under your control and you will not let me up....

You are licking me all over now and still banging me deep with one finger and letting another finger tease my clit....your other hand is sliding down to my ass and you now are teasing my ass and making me WETTER and WETTER with every touch of your fingers....I take my hand and push your head back and look you in the eyes and see nothing but those lonely deep eyes looking loving back at me...and right then I loose my legs... sliding down on to the rest on the shower rail, and you get down, spread my legs slowly and then kiss my thighs and make me moan with every kiss...

"Yes, yes, yes, damnit," is all that is coming 

out....You then kiss my stomach and then down to my public line. You stick a finger deep in me again and then slowly reach your lips to my pussy that is HOT WET and WAITING for your tongue....I bite my lip in anticipation of the pleasure that is about to devour me....You spread my lips with your tongue and lick my clit so slightly that chills shoot up my spine...then you are licking and sucking on me...making me scream with pleasure. I am squiriming under your touch, holding your head closer to me and making me swing my hips and push my wet pussy to you...you grab my ass and hold me still...making me just enjoy it....you keep licking and then you stick your tongue deep in me....darting in and out and fucking me with your tongue....

I can no longer handle the pleasure that you are bringing me...I close my eyes, starting to feel the wave of emotions that only come when I know that I am close to orgasm....and your tongue is still moving in and out and holding me still...

My juices are all over your face now, you are licking me all up....making me squirm...then just as you bury your head deep and suck on my snatch deep, I throw my head back, close my eyes and let the emotions take me over....

I start to cum and with your face in my pussy, you prolong my orgasm, longer than I could ever imagine possible...you let go and come up to me and kiss me slowly on the nipples and then on the neck, letting me enjoy your every touch...

You then kiss me, deep, caring, loving, and soft...I can still taste what seems to be me on your tongue. Then as I am still reveling in the pleasure of the longest orgasm of my life, I feel that your cock is still hard and ready for more. I push you back and smile at you, you look at me and I say to you...

"Are we going to take care of that or what"...

With that, you pick me up and take me to the bed.....yes, leaving a wet trail of water all the way there...you slowly lay me on the bed and then kiss me deeply again...letting me touch your wet body with all of me...your hard cock is pushing up against my pussy, but not entering...

The feel of it against me makes me wet again...

I start to move my hips a little letting you know what I want from you...you then slowly slide on top of me and let your cock part my lips...and with that, I spread my legs letting you in...You slide your dick deep in me, and I can feel nothing but bliss...you start to pump slowly....sliding deep in me and then out....in and out.....slowly making love to me and just going slow so that we can enjoy every move of your cock and my pussy together....you lean closer and kiss me again, as you pump...."oh baby, oh my sweet thing....yes...." You continue to slide in and out. The feeling of your shaft up against my walls is making me WETTER & WETTER....I am on the verge of cumming again....and with you gazing deep into my eyes, the orgasm is climbing fast....

Then you start to move faster, sensing that I am close...and you move even faster....in and out, making me dig my nails deep into you....My legs spread farther and up....making you go deeper and deeper....you pump faster and faster.... and with one last deep push I cum again, and at the very same moment I feel your hot cum shoot deep inside me, you pump a little more...then slowly lay on top of me....Both of us exhausted and wanting to be held....you are laying on my chest and sucking on a nipple that is still tender and erect....I am rubbing your hair and your back and all that I can say is, "SWEATY YET SWEET...."