 Nicholas was upset. Victoria could see it in his shoulders. He sighed long and deep, forcing himself to relax. He leaned his head back and she could smell his shampoo and the most intense desire to run her hands through it came over her. "My problem is sexual frustration," he said. Victoria's face flushed and she backed up a couple of steps.

"F-for who?" she asked cluelessly.

"For you," was his reply. He still had his back turned. Victoria instinctively backed up till she hit the wall, her breath coming in ragged gasps and her eyes wide. He wanted her. He just said he wanted her. 

"I don't understand, why me?" she whispered.

His back was still to her. "Because I find you incredibly sexy and frankly I would love to crawl on top of you right now and make you scream my name," he replied. Her mouth asked him a question before her heart could stop her.

"Do you want me for me or just to satisfy yourself?" she whispered.

Nicholas turned then, letting his arms fall, his face dark, primal, seductive. He walked to her and took her hand to his face, kissing the palm, making her whimper. He placed that hand on his chest to let her feel his heartbeat and he took the other hand and pressed it flat up against is aching cock. It was hot, large, and pulsing with lust. The last edges of sleep fled her brain and was replaced by pure physical sensation. The world ceased to exist and Victoria gasped and she felt her knees give away. 

Her pressed his body to hers to keep her up and said, "Don't be afraid… I want you. I want you so bad I ache for you with all of my body and soul. But no matter how many times I have you I would never be satisfied." She rested her head on his chest, hearing his words and giving in to him. "I'll tell you now, once I start, I don't stop. I will take everything you have and are and I will give you all of me, my mind, my body, my soul." She noticed he didn't say heart but she really didn't expect him to. 

He pulled her head up and made her look at him. "Do you want me as much as I want you?" he countered back. "Do you want me for my body or for the fact that we seemed to be linked somehow?" Her only reply was a moan to escape her lips. All of her resistance melted away just then, letting her feel only pleasure.

Their mouths met in a hungry kiss, light and teasing quickly turning into hard and demanding. He wrapped his arms around her crushing her to him. She opened her mouth and let his tongue dance inside her mouth. She curled her fingers into his hair and gripped hard. His hands seized her ass and pulled her hot mound up against his prick. Nicholas let go of her mouth and moved his mouth down her neck. Nicholas kissed every part of her neck working down to her breasts. He let go of her long enough to pull her T-shirt off and stare at her bra. Dark, lacy and just enough material to be modest. She went to pull it off, but he stopped her. 

"Don't. I like it on," he told her. He went back to her throat and worked his way down to her nipples sucking on them through the material. Victoria groaned out loud and grabbed his head for support. Nicholas pulled the material down and exposed her breasts, they were wet and swollen just for him. He squeezed a nipple with his teeth and Victoria's body jerked in response. Nicholas picked her up and carried her to the bed and gently laid her down. He settled in beside her and nibbled on her breasts. Victoria moaned softly. He was so gentle with her yet commanding. His hand went to her jeans and unzipped them, rubbing his hand under them and moving material down. 

He rolled her on top of him so he could undo her bra. He yanked it off and pulled her back down. Nick could feel her hard nipples pressing into his chest. He kneaded her ass with his fingers as he pushed the fabric down. His hands were dangerously close to her throbbing pussy and she knew if he touched it she would probably orgasm and didn't want to just yet. She kissed his neck, working his way down to his chest. Victoria sat up and tried to pull off his shirt so Nicholas raised up slightly and pulled his shirt off for her. His chest was bare to her. 

He was warm to her touch and had a wonderful tan to his skin. She ran her hands over his nipples and she felt him jerk in response. Nick laid down on the bed and Victoria kissed his chest, letting her mouth roam to a nipple and suck on it. His breath became shorter and the bulge in his jeans got bigger between her legs. Nick groaned and grabbed her head, running his hands through her hair. That told her that he liked what she was doing. He was letting her discover him in her own way but her desire was growing impatient. She moved up to his mouth and tasted him, lightly dancing her tongue with his.

Nick groaned and rolled over on top of her suddenly, surprising Victoria. He moved down and sucked on her nipples again. She moaned in response. Nick sat up and pulled her jeans down, gazing at her exposed skin. When he saw dark red curls, he groaned aloud and yanked off her clothes completely. She was completely naked, and he devoured her with his eyes. She was beautiful. He had never been with a true redhead before and she was an absolute angel. She spread her legs and held out her arms, welcoming him. Nick couldn't wait anymore. He got off the bed and shucked off the last of his clothes and crawled on top of her. 

They met in a kiss and she could feel his prick at the entrance to her hole. He shoved with all his might and both groaned into each other's mouths. He stilled for a few seconds to give her time to adjust and began to stroke in and out, pulling out till only the tip was inside her and shoved in again. She curled her body around his and arched to his rhythm, matching his pace and letting her hands roam over his body. Their passion grew till he was on fire and she was whimpering. 

Victoria pulled her legs up to his hips to give him more access and Nick began pounding into her, stealing her breath. He was on top, thrusting his cock into her hard. She couldn't breathe, her mind had shut down and the only thing she could feel was Nicholas. Her hands grabbed his hips as he shoved into her cunt and he moved so his weight was on his elbows and knees. He threaded his fingers into her hair and thrust his tongue in her mouth. He started humping faster, nearing his climax and sent Victoria over the edge.

"Nicholas!" Victoria wailed and her whole body jerked in climax. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him deeper into her and gave in to the soul shattering explosion inside her. Nick couldn't hold back any longer and he groaned into her hair as he spilled his seed inside her. She felt him shudder against her, and then he collapsed on top of her. They were breathing heavily, still lingering in the glow of their orgasms. She had never felt this way, so complete, so satisfied, body and soul. She hoped that he would repeat his torture so she could feel him again. She drifted off to sleep with Nick holding her tight.