 Gosh! She's a beauty! She surely isn't my kind of girl - too exquisite and too snob for my way of being!...

Still, I look at her, and when she catches my eyes, I smile...

We are beside the Atheneum, in The National Art Museum, where there is a small concert room, with less than fifty chairs, listening to a four instruments classical music concert...

She frowns and looks some other way...

I know what that means, so I just let go...

The second evening, the same place, another concert - I see her, I let her see that I've seen her, but, this time, it's my turn to frown and hurry towards the exit doors...

Here comes day number three...

We've already seen each other while being in the concert hall...

While exiting, she does what she does, and comes closer to me, and, smiling, she says:

"When I first saw you, I just couldn't believe that you are a... "melomaniac"!"...

My first impulse was to say that I've thought that they were selling pizzas over there, but I prefer to keep my mouth shut...

We are walking towards the exit - if I keep quiet like a fish, then my chances are running down to zero in seconds...

Finally, I get started: "It so happens that I like Pink Floyd, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Olivia Newton John, Ella Fitzgerald, Joe Dassin, Vivaldi, Beethoven - shall I continue?"

She smiles...

"By the way, please let me introduce myself":

"Corinna"

"Nice to meet you"! We shake hands.

Gosh! She's got a fine, delicate hand, and pretty cold at touch...

We are out already, so that we stop in front of each other - I must speak, and quick!

"So, your hands make me think that somehow you are connected with this - so, what instrument do you play?"

"Oboe, but I'm not a pro!"...

She's a student at philology.

It's the moment to ask: "So, will you come back here tomorrow?"

"I'd love to, but, unfortunately, I do have some other things to attend to"...

"Too bad! That's too bad!"...

She thinks for a moment, then tells me: "Look, if you'd like, we can see each other right here on Sunday morning, at, let's say, ten o'clock"...

My boats are floating, even if, to be honest, I'll have to invent something to tell one of my fuck buddies who will surely be surprised when I shall tell her that on Sunday I have some other matters to attend...

Yes, I know that she's only a fuck buddy, but I don't find it delicate to tell her, after I've been fucking her all night or however, that she should put her clothes on and leave...

Luckily, she knows where I work, so that she knows that sometimes I also go at the institute on Sundays...

"So, Sunday at ten, right here!"...

She backs up a little: "Only if it's all right with you! I mean... maybe you have a girl friend, or something"...

So, she's directly aiming the target: are you married, engaged, have a girl friend, do you have kids?...

I know that it won't take her long to ask me all those questions...

So, for the moment I need to make a quick statement and come with some evidence...

"Well, if I did have a girlfriend, she would surely have been here, with me!"...

She seems pleased with the answer: "Well then, on Sunday! See you!"

And she starts walking...

"Corinna! Wait, please! Why don't you let me accompany you wherever you are going to now?"

"No worries! The bus station is close enough! Bye!"

I don't insist. The only problem is that she is going the way that I should also go, since it so happens that I live over there - and, if I'm guessing right, she will go at the bus station that is reeeeeaaaaaly close to the entrance in my block of flats... 

I light a cigarette and let the time pass...

After, let's say, ten minutes, I start strolling, real slow, towards my apartment.

I look at my wrist watch - no problem, there is still time enough before a very good and dear fuck buddy of mine will come to visit me...

I reach at the entrance of my block of flats and... in the station, I can clearly see Corinna!

Things may become complicated, so I enter the block of flats, like Speedy Gonzales, climbing three stairs in one step, praying that Corinna has not observed me...

I don't even wait for the elevator - I start climbing the stairs...

Whew! That was close!...

Sunday Morning

It's a sunny day, even if it's winter. I have a dilemma - I've seen that Corinna is getting dressed quite exquisite - fur coat, dress, high heeled boots...

But we were at a classical music concert!

What shall she be wearing on a Sunday morning?!?

Finally, I choose to get dressed in a suit, but wearing a sweater instead of a shirt and a tie, and, of course, an overcoat...

At five minutes to ten I exit the block...

Surprise! I can see a beauty, with her back at me for the moment, standing just a few meters from the entrance...

Her blond hair is reflecting the beams of the sun in a manner that makes my heart explode with the desire to touch her, caress her, and grab her by it while I'm doing to her what my dirty mind is thinking about...

I just say to myself: take it easy, lad, it's not yet the moment!...

She turns while I get close to her. I try to make a surprised face - I only hope that it works...

Then I smile, with enthusiasm: "Corinna! I'm surprised! I don't remember to have told you where I live!"... I say all this crap while shaking her hand and kissing it... I surely would have kissed something else, but... Patience! Boy! Patience!...

"I have seen you that evening climbing the stairs as if you were a fireman - I haven't even have had the time to call your name! You've just vanished!"...

My first impulse is to invite her upstairs, but, rethinking a little, I decide that the best strategy is to let her freeze for a while in the cold outside...

I take her in the park, almost empty at this time, but the white snow makes the old trees and bushes look wonderful...

She lives with her parents, in an apartment, a few stations from my place, she has no sisters or brothers, and the oboe was the passion of her mother, who's a Romanian literature teacher...

Her father is a chief engineer at a very large and well known factory in Bucharest...

I tell her about my collection of music, about the fact that I also have lots of vinyls with classical music, and, nice and easy, we are aiming towards the exit of the park...

In spite of the sun, the temperature is clearly negative, and Corinna is already trembling a little...

"Now, Corinna, we can do two things - whatever you choose - either we go and try to find something hot to drink somewhere around, either you accept my invitation, we go at my place, have some nice cups with mulled wine, and, why not, listen to some music - the one that you choose"...

To my surprise, she takes out the hand from her pocket and puts it in my pocket, making her fingers interwine with mine...

"Let's go at your place! Finally, we are both adults, and I won't act as if I were a virgin - anyway, I'm pretty sure that you know how to behave"...

My room is perfectly clean, with fresh sheets on the bed, and, generally, with no traces of what has happened just a few hours ago...

I let her see my musical catalogs and, to my surprise, she chooses Queen. I put an album, then go to the kitchen to prepare the wine...

I bring the tray with the wine and some crackers...

I can see that she's taken off her high heeled boots and is resting her feet on a tabouret.

When she sees me, she jumps a little, making her beautiful feet hide under the arm chair:

"I hope you won't mind, but these high heels have really killed my feet, and they are also frozen"...

She looks at me with her big blue eyes, pleadingly...

I smile: "Corinna, honestly, what is this?!? You are at home! Make yourself as comfortable as you feel like! More than this! Let me poor some wine, then I shall give your feet an extra treat"...

I poor some wine, then grab another tabouret and ask her to put her feet on hers.

I take a sit close to her feet: "May I?" I ask, but don't wait for an answer - I start massaging her feet through the silk hose - her feet are really cold.

I keep on massaging her feet, until the music reaches to an end.

"Now, what shall it be? Another album with Queen, or else?"

She smiles, looking at me with her big blue eyes: "Would you mind if we listen to Vivaldi - The Seasons?"

"Not at all! By all means!"

I get the music started, then come back to continue massaging her feet.

She quickly withdraws her feet, stands up, and comes close to me - I know what she wants, no doubt about that!

I gently embrace her, looking deep into her eyes, my lips looking for her lips.

Our kiss is passionate - our tongues dance together - I hold her tight, real tight, at a certain moment maybe too tight, since she quits kissing me and starts breathing quickly, grasping for air...

I let her go for a moment and start kissing her neck - she's shivering - I raise my mouth and gently bite her ear lobe, then insert the tip of my tongue into her ear.

All she can say is: "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"...

My left hand is already on her right boob, massaging it, caressing it, but I really do have a problem with her bra, which seems to be one of those with I don't know what metallic or plastic parts...

Suddenly, I stop and gently tell her: "You do have a beautiful dress - why risk to ruin it?"...

Meanwhile, my hand is already at her back, unzipping it. She tends to tense, for a slight moment, but lets go...

I slowly grab the shoulders of her dress and let it fall on the carpet.

I quickly unclasp her bra, grab it and throw it on the arm chair - she sighs.

I bend and start working with my mouth at her nipple.

I cannot say that she's got large boobs - at her height, maybe, a little larger wouldn't have bothered her silhouette, but she's got a nice pair of nipples - my pleasure, licking and sucking them is genuine.

My nostrils are assaulted by the smell of the Chanel 5 perfume...

She's surely dropped some of it between her boobs...

She grabs my hair and makes me come back at her mouth - this time, her kisses are aggressive, she's devouring me.

After five minutes, or so, it's my turn to stop her: "Honey, let's get naked!"

She's breathing hard - she lets me, turns around, grabs her dress and arranges it on the arm chair, then takes off her hose and pants.

Meanwhile, I'm rapidly taking off my clothes, letting them fall on my armchair.

There! We both are naked now,and my dick is raising to attention.

Corinna is obviously trying not to look at my dick - she comes closer to me, and embraces me again, starting to kiss me on my lips, this time gently...

I grab her by her ass cheeks and start caressing and massaging them...

It's obvious that she's startled, but enjoys the treat.

Nice and easy, I get closer to the tabouret and slowly let myself sit on it.

Then, with one hand, I suggest to her to spread her legs and let herself come in my lap.

While she's doing it, I grab my dick with one hand, awaiting for her cunt - she obliges...

She descends, real slow, while we're still kissing - the precum on the head of my dick and her wetness lets us start the fuck real easy - in fact , I hold her on my lap, letting her feel the pulsations of my dick - she's trembling, letting herself descend more, and more, and more...

I've already reached her cervix - she stops kissing me, reaching for air, then she tells me, almost whispering: "I have a confession to make... I haven't have had sex in months by now, if it isn't a year"...

"Well, sorry but I cannot say the same thing about me"...

I won't lie to her - why should I?...

Anyway, I know what she means, so that I tell her, softly: "In this case, maybe we go and continue this in bed"...

She nods and tends to raise - I hold her to stop: "No, let me take care of it"

Saying this, I grab her by her ass cheeks and stand up, while she instinctively holds herself with her hands by the back of my neck, with my dick still impaling her cunt.

She yells a bit, in surprise: "I didn't know you were so strong!"...

I take her to the bed, and let her lay on it, still impaled on my dick - then, nice and easy, lean on her and start kissing her nipples again.

Her eyes are closed and I can hear her humming - I surely know that she loves it...

Meanwhile, I let my dick gently push, and withdraw, push, and withdraw - I'm determined to let her stretch at her pace...

After a few minutes, I decide to give her some extra help, so that I let free her nipples, raise my upper side of my body and, gently, with my thumb, find her clit and start caressing it.

Meanwhile, with my left hand, I caress and massage her boobs...

When she feels my hand at her clit, Corinna opens her eyes in surprise, but she doesn't protest.

"I'll have another confession to make to you, but it can wait until after... Oh! Oooooooooohhhhhhhh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh!"

She's shivering! I can feel the vaginal convulsions! Her cunt is milking me, while, at last, my dick is almost all in...

I take away my thumb from her clit and start pressing and rubbing it with my pelvic bones.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"...

She's shivering harder and she's trembring like a chord of a violin - her vaginal pulsations are increasing, and her eyes are now open wider!...

"Ohhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! I shall have to make another confession!"...

I stop for a moment, time enough to make her legs land on my shoulders - then I grab her by her hands and, holding each other's hands by the forearms, I start pumping her - slowly at the beginning, but I gently increase the rhythm.

Corinna is game - she starts shivering again and she's holding my hands strong, as if she wants to break them...

I start pumping her cunt like there is no tomorrow.

She looks directly in my eyes and I can see her pupils dilate again: "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!"...

I'm also close, so that I ask her, almost yelling at her: "Ready? Are you ready?"...

She nods: "Yes! Yeah! Yes! Yessssssssssss!"

I don't stop, just keep on pumping, but... the time has come!

Suddenly, I take my dick out of her, put a knee right between her legs, pressing her clit and labia, while I grab my dick with my hand, jerking it.

The jizz is spreading on her belly, tits, and even her neck and chin - the first moment she looks at my dick, but seeing what is happening, she closes her eyes and keeps her mouth forcibly shut...

Gosh! With this woman I shall have some work to do...

I can bet that no other man has ever spread his seed on her body...

What the heck?!?

I quickly grab a napkin and start gently to wipe away the sperm...

She opens her eyes, grabs the napkin, saying: "No, thanks! I can do that myself!"...

I let her, and I let myself lay beside her, breathing deeply - it's really been a performance what I've been doing the last ten minutes or so, so that I deserve a rest...

After finishing cleaning herself, Corinna looks at me, and, smiling, tells me: "Now, I'll have another confession to make to you!"...

"Gosh! Girl! You'll make me feel like a priest!"

We both burst in laughter...

"OK, now, there is a time for everything - let's take a shower first, then you can make all the confessions you want!"...

I jump out from the bed, and help her come with me at the bathroom.

Needless to say that when we are back from the shower, my dick is, again, semi erect...

Corinna looks at it, directly this time, and I can see in her eyes the bewilderment...

I quickly take the clothes from the arm chairs and put them in a wardrobe: "Ready, now we can sit!"...

I check the wine - it's already cold...

I put some ambient music, without asking Corinna this time, then take away the tray with the compromised wine...

I come back with a bottle of whiskey and two glasses.

Corinna is a bit surprised: "You know, I'm not really used to drink spirits"...

"Yes, but since you say that you need to make so many confessions, and, I presume, intimate, it will help"...

She smiles, and, after saying cheers, she sips from her glass...

Her confessions, apparently, aren't such a big deal...

She's been, since high school, friends with a boy - he was the one who, at eighteen, has popped her cherry, and, until about an year ago, he was the one who everybody thought that will become her husband...

Practically, until today, in spite of the so many guys who have tried to get into her pants, she was a one man's woman...

Her boyfriend has never touched her down there - meaning that he hasn't stimulated her clit...

Also, her boyfriend has never had the idea to stimulate her clit with his pelvic bones, and... he has never spread his sperm on her body...

I have only one additional question: "Now, I understand that you were a virgin, but your friend, was he a virgin too?"...

She grabs a cigarette, lights it, takes a deep smoke, than tells me: "He has always told me that he's had lots of girls, and, honestly, I've believed him, until... now..."...

She inhales another smoke, then continues: "Either you are a god of sex, either he has known nothing about it, just as me"...

I look at her, smiling: "Corinna, you can have sex with lots of people, and learn nothing - pretty hard to believe, but, there is, in theory, possible"...

She's silent.

"Now, if you don't mind my question - when he was finishing, ejaculating, where was he spreading his seed?"

She smiles: "Oh! That's an easy one! He has always kept a napkin at hand!"...

"Well, at least he hasn't put you at risk, releasing his load inside you"...

"Yes. That is true ... He was very afraid of my parents"...

I cannot help, but smile: "So, you've only have had frightened sex!"...

She bursts into laughter, than continues...

"In fact, and that is another confession, I don't remember him treating my breasts the way you did"...

I'm amazed, confused, and feel pity for this beautiful woman.

I simply can't help myself and ask: "And... did he always make love to you only in the missionary position?"...

She looks at me surprised: "Yes! Why do you ask?!?"...

"Because this means that today, and hopefully not only, we shall have a lot of work to do!"...

She bursts into laughter again: "And you will surely be very proud to hear that his penis is much smaller than yours!"...

I make a serious face: "Now, dear, this is something we are born with - I will never laugh to a man just because he's got a smaller dick!"...

She giggles, but says nothing...

It's my turn to ask: "Now, if you don't mind my asking... Can you please tell me what has made you decide to sleep with me? I mean I'm happy, really happy, but I'm just wondering..."

She looks at me, with a serious face: "Do you remember the first day, at the concert, when, at the exit, you've smiled, discreetly, at me?"

"Yes!"

Well, that evening, I have noticed you -you didn't see me, but I have seen how you were REALLY living the music"...

It's my turn to be silent...

She continues: "If I would have refused to come at your place, today, most probably I would have never accepted to come here another time... This is me! I do realize that I am a young and good looking woman, but, when it comes to men, I chicken out!"...

"Well, I'm glad that you've accepted the invitation and I thank you for this!"

"Oh, no! No! No! No! I thank you!"

Hearing her say that, I stand, go towards her arm chair, help her raise, and kiss her.

"Baby, by the evening, or, if you want, tomorrow morning, you will surely know a lot more about the pleasures that men and women can give to each other"...

She giggles, then tells me: "Now, professor, let's go on the bed and teach me - I promise to be a good student"...
