 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * *

Part 1 - Introduction

My name is Thomas Corcoran. My nickname is Tommy. I was afraid if word got out, people would start calling me Corkscrew. I kept it hidden for as long as I could. My classmates in gym and swimming never found out. My doctor never knew. My parents didn't have a clue, until...

It was one of those humid June nights where it's hard to breathe let alone sleep. The only way I could get comfortable was to sleep buck-naked and try enjoying the minimal breeze that barely moved the hot air through my bedroom. I don't remember the dream, but it must have been a doozy because I got a major hard on. Wouldn't you know, that was the morning I slept late and my mom decided to walk into my room without knocking to get me up. That's when she saw it. My corkscrew dick. It looks like it was mangled in some machine, maybe an oversized pencil sharpener or something. Anyway, it's all twisted, kind of like a corkscrew. When my hard on goes down, it looks perfectly normal. That's why no one has ever been the wiser.

I thought everybody's erection looked like mine until one of my classmates brought an x-rated magazine to school, one he'd swiped from his father's collection. In the magazine, some of them curved up, some curved down and some were as straight as a crowbar. None of them followed a twisted curve like mine did. I decided to keep it a secret for as long as I could. Out of embarrassment. I was a freak. Nobody likes being a freak.

My mom cried out, "Thomas!" 

I startled, saw her standing there, and tried to cover myself with a sheet. 

"What happened to you?" she asked. 

Just the kind of supportive thing a guy wants his mom to say about his dick. 

"Nothing, Ma," I replied, hoping the erection would subside. 

"I'll make a doctor's appointment," she said and walked out. 

"Oh great! Not only does my mom know, but now I'm going to examined by a doctor."

I tried everything I could to convince my mom to cancel the appointment, short of pulling down my pants to show her I was normal. Maybe that would have done it. Anyway, she called my regular doctor who referred me to a specialist, Dr. Vidill. On the selected date, Mom drove me to the doctor's office. We waited a long time until we were escorted into an examination room. The doctor showed up soon after and asked what seemed to be the problem. 

"It's his, uh, privates," my mom tried to explain. 

She was embarrassed but the doctor took it in stride. 

"If you'd prefer to wait in the reception...," offered Doc. 

My mom was out of the exam room in a flash.

I undressed completely, at the doctor's request. I stood next to the exam table as he looked at my penis and moved it from side to side with one gloved finger. 

"Looks just fine to me," he said, "maybe a tad over average in length. So what is the problem, Thomas?" 

Dr. Vidill had a quirk of rubbing the temple next to his forehead. He would scrunch up his face, like he had a major headache. I wasn't sure he was listening to me.

"Nothing when I'm like this. It only shows up when I get hard," I said. 

"Hmmm, well, I guess you're going to have to have an erection."

"Just like that? I don't know if I get one just standing here. I mean, don't you have Playboy magazines or something in the waiting room?"

"No, I don't. Even though I specialize in genital and reproductive problems, I have a nice clean practice here, young man. My female patients would be up in arms if I had that kind of reading material."

"Well, I can't just get a hard on from nothing."

I was still standing there, naked, when one of the nurses walked in with a chart for the doctor to look at. I was so startled that I forgot to cover up. She got a good look and smiled. She was very pretty. Strawberry blonde hair. Turned up nose. Freckles. When the doctor's attention turned from the chart to my penis, he saw that it had grown in size, just slightly, from the nurse's visit.

"Oh, Nurse Lassiter, don't go just yet." 

The nurse closed the door and stood by. 

"I'd like your help in this examination. If you'd put on a set of gloves," he directed. 

The nurse put the chart down on the desk and put on a pair of gloves she got from a wall dispenser. They were too large for her hands and went on too easily. 

"Mr. Corcoran, would you please get up on the table. Now just lay back and relax. Nurse, would you please perform a visual inspection on Mr. Corcoran's genitals." 

The nurse was some what surprised by the look on her face. 

"You don't usually ask me participate in these kind of examinations," she said.

"I realize the circumstances are a bit unusual, but you're doing it under my supervision," Doc replied.

He rubbed his head again.

She walked up to the exam table and lifted my penis with her thumb and forefinger. She moved closer to get a good look. I thought I felt her breath on my dick. It was no use. Being touched by an attractive young woman was too much. My penis grew in length and dimension, taking its extended and twisted shape. Both the doctor and nurse were shocked at the end result. The nurse dropped my penis like a hot potato. It didn't need to be held anyway. It was standing up on its own. 

"Oh, my," said the nurse. 

"So that's what your mom is concerned about. I've never seen anything like this, ever. Tell me, Mr. Corcoran, are you fully functional?" 

I told him I didn't know what he meant. 

"I mean, can you ejaculate?" 

"Well, yeah, sure," I said. 

I wondered if he was going to ask me to do it in front of the nurse. I kind of wanted him to ask me. No, I really wanted him to. 

"Nurse, please take some measurements," the doctor directed. 

The nurse took a small tape measure from the desk and took measurements of the length and width of my erection. She had to touch me while she took the measurements. I'm sure I grew during the procedure. Meanwhile, Doc was writing furiously on my chart. 

"I'd like to take a few photographs, as documentation," Doc said. He took an instant camera from one of the cabinets and took pictures from every angle, making sure to keep my face out of the shots. He put his notes and photos in a patient folder that he labeled "Patient C."

"Get dressed and I'll meet with you and your mother up front in my private office," he said and left. 

"I don't think I'm going to be able to get my pants on, in this condition," I said. "Maybe I can help. After all, isn't that what nurses are for? To help patients in distress?" 

She took a tube from a desk drawer and put some goop in her hands. She rubbed the stuff onto my erection, up and down, following the curves. The gloves kept sliding around on her hands. She finally took them off and threw them in the recycling bin. She put her bare hands around my dick and rubbed around and around. Her face was flushed and she was breathing faster. So was I. My hips bucked up and down on the exam table against her marvelous friction. She used a variety of fast and slow movements. I couldn't help myself. 

"Oh, oh, I'm, I'm..." I said as I lifted my hips in rapid thrusts, shooting cum all over my legs, the table, and the nurse's uniform. 

My erection started to dissipate as the nurse cleaned herself up. 

"If you need any help on your next visit, let me know," she said and left. 

I cleaned myself up using the sink and paper towels. When I left the examination room, I saw my mom and Doc waiting for me in his formal office, the one with the large wood desk and degrees on the walls.

"Mrs. Corcoran, I'd like to study Thomas's condition. They'll be no charge to you, of course. In exchange, you'd allow me to publish the results of my research. Oh, and of course, your identities would be protected. If I find a way to cure Thomas's condition, that treatment will also be at no charge."

Doc massaged his headache but his pained expression remained.

"All right, doctor, if you think that's best," said Mom. 

I guess I wasn't to be consulted.

"We'll start with one visit a week, after normal business hours, so I can collect more information. In the meantime, just go about your business normally. Call me if anything unusual arises."

The doctor didn't choose his words very well.

"I will need blood samples from you and your husband, whenever you can come in. I need to be able to do DNA analysis as part of my research."

Mom volunteered to give the sample then. 

"My husband doesn't know about Thomas's condition. I didn't know how he'd react. I'll make up some excuse." 

"Better yet, let me call him and tell him we're doing DNA screening for all of our patients, at no charge."

Mom and I left the office, mom shaking her head in dismay. I remembered the nurse's generous offer and grinned from ear to ear.

Part 2 - Back For More Tests

Amy Kellogg was an inquisitive young lady. When her mom got remarried to Dr. Anitol Vidill, he went to great lengths to avoid her questions about his medical practice. A portion of their basement, however, became her stepfather's home office. On many occasions that did not require patient contact, her step-dad would work from home, logging into his office's computers for any information he required.

After school and late at night, Amy would sneak downstairs and rummage through her stepfather's papers. She quickly realized that his specialty was the organs between men's and women's legs. Dr. Vidill's textbooks and journal articles included many pictures of men's penises. Amy would get strange but pleasurable feelings by looking at them. Sometimes. Amy would get wet between her legs looking at her step-dad's book and magazine illustrations. Short ones, long ones, thin ones, thick ones, ones that curved up and ones that curved down. Such a variety! She didn't have any boyfriend but was determined to see one, up close and in person, to satisfy her curiosity.

During one of her midnight skulks, she found a set of patient folders on her step-dad's desk. Most of them were just diagnoses or treatment plans. One, however, was in an envelope enclosure different from the rest. Instead of a patient's name, it was marked "Patient C." Amy opened the envelope and found a set of photos. She was overwhelmed at the male organ in the pictures. Given her research, she knew it was slightly bigger than average. But the shape! It looked like a screw, with all the necessary twists and turns. Amy's panties were soon soaked. 

"Boy, this is the penis I'd like to examine. I wonder who Patient C is?" she thought.

The visible torso seemed to be that of a young man as opposed to someone older. There was no potbelly or fat around the patient's waist. And the visible portion of the legs looked to be smaller than a man's.

"I think Patient C is a teenager. Wouldn't it be great if Patient C and I were classmates?" Amy wished.

Amy decided she had to find out who Patient C really was. She turned on her step-dad's computer and dialed up his office using a script her step-dad had saved on the desktop. The login screen presented her the opportunity to specify name and password. Amy was no computer expert, let alone cracker. There was no getting past this security. She shut everything down and went back upstairs to her room.

"Dad's office must have a record of Patient C's real name. Maybe its time I paid dear dad a visit at work," decided Amy.

Despite the doctor's assurances, I was scared that my secret would come out. The humiliation would be unbearable. I knew in advance the nickname they'd give me -- "corkscrew."

The next week, Mom drove me to the doctor's office at closing time. 

"I'll be glad to drop Thomas off when we're done. Its almost on my way," doc offered.

Mom readily accepted. She kissed my forehead, a family ritual, and left.

"Come on back. We'll use the same room as before," doc said.

I took off all my clothes without being asked. Doc could hardly work on me fully dressed. I sat on the edge of the examination table, crinkling the paper as I shifted my weight. Doc came in followed by Nurse Lassiter.

"I thought it would be a good idea to have some help this evening," doc said.

Nurse Lassiter smiled at me. I wondered if she volunteered or was recruited. No matter. He was right. Just the sight of his pretty young assistant had an effect, although not as pronounced as last time.

"Hmm, Thomas seems to be partially conditioned to your presence, nurse," doc said.

The nurse stared at my penis, as if trying to give me an erection by her mind's will. No dice.

Doc's headache returned. He rubbed at his head. I think he forgot we were there for a moment.

"I'd hate to ask this, nurse, but perhaps if you showed..." said doc.

Nurse Lassiter was puzzled at Doc's request.

"Showed what?" she asked.

"You know, your bra."

Nurse Lassiter's fingers moved to the front buttons of her uniform, undoing them one at a time. By the time she got to her waist, her bra was exposed and I was fully erect.

"Excellent. First, an x-ray," said Doc.

He moved a portable device to the table and positioned it at my groin. He taped my erection to the cold surface.

"Sorry, this will only take a minute," apologized Doc.

They both stood back as the x-ray machine buzzed once.

Doc removed the tape and pushed the machine aside.

"Now we can take those additional measurements," said doc.

I lay back on the table, per doc's request. He placed a hollow glass tube around my erection. The end against my skin was coated with a jelly substance. The nurse held it tightly against me while the doc filled it with water at skin temperature from a graduated beaker.

"We're measuring volume, Tom," he said.

Doc filled the tube up to the tip of my penis. Then he made a mark on the outside of the tube at the water's level.

"I've measured how much water it's taken to fill the tube, with and without your erection. The difference is the volume of your erection," doc explained.

The nurse sat me up slowly and positioned a plastic pail to catch the water from the cylinder.

"Nurse, please dry Thomas off," doc requested.

The nurse took a soft towel and gently dried my dick, cleaning up the residue jelly as best she could. She seemed to be getting more interested in my erection, and not clinically.

I laid back down, still fully erect, partially from the nurse's caress and partially from the peek-a-boo she played with her open uniform.

The doc took a piece of paper and created a cylinder around my erection.

"Nurse Lassiter measured the circumference of your penis, not of the whole erection," said doc.

Doc tightened the paper cylinder until it was as small as it could be and taped it.

"There's one more thing, Thomas. I'd like to get a sperm sample. You'll want some privacy, so we'll wait outside until you're done," Doc said.

He handed me a small metal cup.

"Uh, if its okay with you, can Nurse Lassiter stay, to give me a hand," I said.

Doc looked at the enthusiastic face of his assistant.

"Hmm, its a little unusual. However, as long as we maintain professional demeanor..." he said.

Nurse Lassiter nodded too vigorously in the affirmative. Doc left with a look of concern on his face.

I sat up as Nurse Lassiter got some lubricant on her hands. She spread her fingers, placing them along the contoured curves of my dick. Her other hand went down to my balls, massaging my sack. Rather than stroking me, she was pumping my dick up and down. Her fingers were just under the tip, teasing it. I looked down at her bra and small breasts. It wasn't professional, but I reached into her uniform and held her breasts in my hands. Now the fondling was mutual. When she looked up, I leaned forward and kissed her. She pulled back, surprised. Then she smiled and leaned forward, returning the favor. Her kiss was open mouth, with a sampling of her tongue as a bonus.

"Get, uh, ready, I'm, uh, gonna cum," I warned her.

She milked me as I shot my cum into the cup. It was a glorious orgasm. There was a stray blob of cum on the tip of my penis. Nurse Lassiter bent down and licked it off. My dick pulsed at the thought of being sucked for real.

As I got dressed, Nurse Lassiter buttoned up her uniform and then left the room to deliver the specimen to the doctor.

"By the way, my name is Sally," she said over her shoulder.

Part 3 - Exposed

Amy cleared it with her mom, that afternoon she'd take public transportation down to her step-dad's office and surprise him. Her true intention was to find something that gave the real name of "Patient C" with the unusual penis. The receptionists greeted her cheerfully. After all, she was the boss's daughter, even if she was a stepchild. At Dr. Vidill's next break between patients, he was informed that his daughter had arrived.

"Of course, I'm always happy to see you, Amy, but I have patients with appointments. I'm afraid I don't have any time to spend with you right now," he apologized.

"That's okay. Maybe I can just hang around and learn something from the staff," she replied.

Something specific, she thought.

"All right, but only if they're willing and you don't get in their way," he said.

Amy watched the nurses going back and forth between examination rooms and the office laboratory with cups and pans and papers and folders. She wondered if "Patient C" was there, right then, behind one of those closed doors. She stood behind one of the office administrators as patient information was entered and updated.

This is what I need, thought Amy.

"So how does this work?" she asked naively.

"We have computer-based records, to keep our information up-to-date. Paper takes so much room and it's hard to find out what you need to know," said the admin.

"We have the same thing at school. They keep our schedules and grades on computers," said Amy.

"Just like your school records, our information is entirely private, protected by patient-doctor privilege," said the admin.

"What if you forget a patient's name?" asked Amy.

"The system is very good at searching. We just enter a part of a patient's name or their street address, almost anything. The patients that match show up on the screen. You pick one and up comes their information," the admin answered.

"Wow, that's neat," said Amy.

The admin was working on preparing billing as Amy watched.

"I've started printing out this month's billing. Would you help me fold and stuff envelopes?" asked the admin.

"Sure, I'd be glad to help," replied Amy.

The admin got up to fetch the invoices from the printer room. The sound of printing in the next room was evident when the admin opened the door. To keep noise down in the office, she let it close behind her.

Now's my chance, thought Amy.

She slid up to the keyboard and requested a search on "Patient C." One matching record was found. When she scrolled down to the bottom of the screen, there was the name - Thomas Corcoran. 

Tommy Corcoran? I think I know who he is. He's one of my classmates at school, thought Amy.
