 Chapter 3: UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL IN THE DARK

The house was finally still. Billie's room was almost completely dark. but She moved around confidently in it, since she knew its geometry like the back of her hand. The only light was a slender shaft of moonlight filtering through the curtains. She thought about Corky. Maybe it wasn't so bad being blind, if your surroundings were familiar, she thought.

The closet door held a full length mirror. Billie's tried to view her naked form in it, nearly impossible in the dim illumination, but that too, she knew like the back of her hand. She was still electrified by the evening spent "teaching" Corky about girls. Wow! Was she the teacher? or the teachee? What she could see of herself, she liked, and knew Corky liked too, and would soon like even more.

She cupped her breasts and squeezed them gently, rolling her nipples between thumb and forefinger as he had done. She loved the feeling it gave her, but it wasn't the same. Lifting them really high, one at a time, she tried to get her nipples into her mouth. She could touch each one by stretching her tongue way out, but that was about it. Oh well, some things are better left to others, she thought with a grin.

She placed her fingers flat against her inner thighs, as high up as she could get them, resting her thumbs on her pubic bone and thrusting herself forward, recalling Corky's fascination when removing her stockings. How could the man not have noticed her waiting pussy? But he seemed not to.

"Now, now, don't touch it!" she said to herself. "You promised him, remember?"

She squeezed her own ass cheeks as Corky had done, but it did nothing for her. What was it with him and that touch of his, anyway? And what he had done with her back, her ordinary back for Pete's sake, was just amazing. She had no idea her back could be an erogenous zone.

"Enough of this," she said to herself. "You've got a late date, sweetie, and you have to dress just right for it!"

She gave herself a thousand watt smile in the mirror, but could barely make it out in the dim illumination. Now let's see. What should she wear for a date at nearly one in the morning with a very attractive blind man she would be joining in the downstairs bedroom? Slippers at least, so as not to stub her toes in the dark. Maybe that would be all.

"Come on, girl," she said to herself, "just cool it! You got to wear something else, or you'll scare the poor boy." And there was the risk, slight though it was, of being detected by Mother or Daddy without a stitch on. She would not put them through that, again. Best not even think about that.

This would be delicate, she knew. She and Corky were moving quickly, maybe too quickly. Everyone knows a person's first fuck is a big deal, no question about it. As for Billie, she loved being sexual, but she had a rule she did not want to break. She and a guy had to talk about what it meant to fuck, and they had to do it while fully dressed, and with a soft dick and a dry pussy besides. If they both wanted to, then they had to wait a full week, and see if they still did. It was amazing to think of all the cowboy cock she missed out on that way, but it cut down on the mistakes. Then too in Montana she was the ranch owner's niece, and jail bait besides, so that helped.

Besides, there were lots of way to get off besides the classic penetration fuck, and they were all incredibly fun, in her opinion. Billie recalled how she and Marianne had decided you could penetrate without fucking, and fuck without penetrating, to name just two of their discoveries during the summer of their fifteenth year.

Would Corky understand that? He would have to. On the other hand, if he didn't, she might just -- well, she would have to see, that's all.

Later she slipped quietly from her room, the dim moonlight providing just enough illumination for Billie to find her way. She did the stairs by stepping only on those places she knew to be squeak free. When at last she reached the downstairs bedroom, Billie's attire was a compromise. It wasn't much, that part was for Corky, but it would not totally shock her parents either, if she were spotted going down or coming back. It was her usual night attire, a pair of panties and an extra long short sleeved T-shirt. The rubbing of the fabric against her bare nipples was a reminder that she was a girl, or rather, a woman. It was so romantic! She was feeling so wicked. It was delicious.

Meanwhile, with his hands and feet entangled in seaweed, Corky found himself literally in the middle of a wet dream, spread eagles at the bottom of the sea. But there was no fear, and he was able to breathe okay under water. Two octopus like creatures circled him slowly, waiting for him to give them some kind of signal. They were strange looking octopi, having only two long tentacles, a wide mouth at their apex which released an occasional bubble, and a pair of enormous eyes. Corky felt reassured when those eyes winked at him, and the mouths flashed familiar thousand watt smiles as they circled.

Bound hand and foot, Corky had only his erect dick, his mouth, and his eyes with which to signal. He knew they would release him from his imprisonment if he sent the right message. Corky somehow got it right, and the creatures approached to rescue him. One settled over his chest, gently wrapping its tentacles around and under his head, its eyes ablaze, its full lips closing in on his own. The other settled over his lower body, firmly wrapping its tentacles around and under his hips, its eager mouth closing in on his groin. Their twin embrace seemed somehow warm and comforting to Corky, and his pulse and breathing quickened.

Corky tried to stay with his marine rescuers to finish the drama, but he could not. Their watery images wavered, dimmed, and receded, despite his best effort. He was ejected from his dream, awakening with heart pounding, seconds away from a true wet dream. Returning to wakefulness, he felt a weight pressing on his chest, and detected a presence near his face, as though suspended over him. And it was no longer a dream.

Billie, A.K.A. Miss Prepared For Anything Student Nurse, slipped into the room undetected, and soundlessly closed and latched the door. She inched her way closer to the bedside in the darkened room, and laid the hand towel and her slippers on the floor beside the bed. She watched Corky sleeping for a few minutes before revealing her presence. He was a restless sleeper, having thrown back the covers, exposing most of his naked body. His curly patch of chest hair fascinated Billie.

Placing a hand on his chest, she leaned close and whispered, Corky, hush now, shush, it's just me, shush."

"Billie!" Corky whispered. "God, I thought you were an octopus!"

"No, silly, just a girl," and she suppressed a giggle.

Corky pulled her onto the bed next to him, where she willingly collapsed. He gathered her in his arms, and she cradled in his embrace.

"I'm so glad you're a girl," Corky whispered, "because I may need your help tonight in a big way."

"Hey, that's what I'm here for, and I'm glad I'M a girl too," she whispered, sliding her hand down to twist her fingers in his pubic hair. Reaching farther, she gently cupped his balls for a moment, then took his erect dick in her tender grip as before.

"I love you holding me there," whispered Corky hoarsely.

"I love it too, and our being 'touch buddies' too," Billie whispered in reply. "But we got to keep it down, you hear?"

"That's what I'm trying to tell you," Corky whispered, "I'm having a lot of trouble keeping it down!"

Suppressing another giggle, Billie replied, "I'm talking about the noise! All you got to keep down for me is the noise."

"Billie, your parents. Maybe this is a bad idea," Corky whispered.

"You want me to go away?" Billie asked in alarm.

"If you do, I'll follow you, I swear," was Corky's reply.

Relieved, Billie continued, "Relax then. They're sound sleepers, and they're upstairs on the northwest corner of the house. We're downstairs on the southeast corner. We could go out in the back yard under some bushes if you want to."

"Forget that," Corky replied, "I got nothing on, and it must be 30 degrees out there. I'll try to be quiet when I come. but tell me, are there really a hundred ways?"

Billie said coyly, "You want me to show you? or just tell you? I might not know them all, some I only heard of."

With their faces close, to make whispering easier, Corky found Billie's moist lips nearby, and kissed them. She seemed to melt into him, and touched his lips with her tongue. Corky parted his lips, and met her tongue with his. This was the kiss to end all kisses, he thought. They continued playfully and imaginatively to explore each other's mouths, and faces, and ears, and eyes, and necks, using lips, and tongues, and tender love bites.

"I get it," Corky whispered, "if you can kiss it, you can lick it too, and suck on it, and chew on it a little, right?"

"Sweet sweet Corky," whispered Billie, "I was planning to cover kissing in your first lesson, but I'll have to revise my plans. You knew it all along, and never let on."

"Well, you see, it's this red hot girl teacher I have," Corky whispered.

"Are you okay for a bit? Do you want to finish now?" Billie asked, as she reached to hold his dick again.

"I'm okay when you hold me, I'm in good hands. I'll finish in good time. But what about you? Don't you need some help too?"

Corky slid his hands to the hem of Billie's T-shirt and inside it, sliding up over her bare back and midriff. He saw that she was bra-less, and went immediately to her breasts, gently massaging their nipple areas. Her nipples were again stiff little towers, which Corky took as an answer to his question.

"Yes, I sure do," she whispered, "but if you're okay for a while, we got some unfinished business to take care of first."

"What's that?" Corky asked.

"Well," Billie whispered, "if I remember it right, you looked at my legs, and my ass, and my tits, and some of them twice. Right?"

"And don't forget your nipples," Corky whispered, "and all I had for you was a little cock."

"Well that's not bad for starters, and I wouldn't exactly call it a LITTLE one, either," she whispered with amusement, "but that was the easy stuff. There's more you need to look at, and look at closely, too, if you want to help me."

"Really?" whispered Corky, "Where do we begin?"

Getting off the bed, Billie took Corky by the hands, silently asking him to follow her. He followed, only a little embarrassed, and they stood holding hands in the dark, just a step away from the bed. Billie whispered, "We got to be really quiet now, but if you get an emergency or something, you got to let me know right away, okay? If I don't get to help, I won't be very happy."

"Okay," Corky whispered. "When I know, you know."

"Now," she continued in a whisper. "You got to see what you missed before. You can take my things off if you want, but you got to see it all, and you got to get to know me really well, and I mean really well."

Billie could hardly make out Corky's silhouette in the gloom, but she had no doubt it was his dick that pressed against her T-shirt. She felt him tense a little when it made contact too, but he did not pull back, and she did not let him. She returned the embrace as best she could with that fleshy log between them. He just better not come without alerting her, that's all.

As Corky lifted Billie's T-shirt, she raised her arms over her head, making its removal easy. It fell to the floor somewhere. She placed her hands on top of her head, presenting her tits to him. The gesture was clear enough, even to a blind man in a very dark room!

Corky took in the position of her arms, with her elbows extended to the sides, and swept his fingers back along their undersides. He found a residue of stubble at her underarms. Then a sweep down her back to her panties, and up again across ribs to her breasts.

With hands opened flat, he grazed her nipples with his palms, using a circular motion, and felt them tighten and take shape instantly. He lifted up on their undersides, gauging their weight and firmness. Having sufficient data on her breasts, he gratefully kissed each nipple, and ran his tongue lightly around its perimeter.

Billie followed Corky's scan with interest, and was a little startled at his palming her nipples, then greatly startled at his kissing and tonguing them. Was this the same over protected, visually deprived, naive boy she knew only hours before? It did not seem possible.

Corky whispered an explanation, "When you're blind, your tongue is a kind of magnifying glass, and I had to get a close look."

"Oh my God!" thought Billie. "You're kidding me!"

Corky next slid his hands to Billie's waist, prompting her to place her own hands lightly on his shoulders. Then, to Billie's delight, taking the waistband of her panties on either side, he swept the meager garment slowly down over ass and thighs, knees and calves, and she deftly stepped out of them!

Billie said to herself, "I can't believe this! Here I am, stark naked, and there he is, stark naked, and I can hardly see him there, and he for sure can't see me at all. But he's just got to get a good look at a naked girl, so I better just let him do it his way. I wish he'd hurry though, I'm dying to get my hands on that yummy dick of his again."

Trying to ignore his demanding dick, Corky concentrated on the lovely form before him, unobstructed now by clothing. He swept his hands the length and breadth of Billie's curves and valleys. Down ribs, past slim waist and generous hips, to tapering thighs, he absorbed an indelible picture of grace and desire. The fullness of her gorgeous ass was never more evident than in this naked condition.

He outlined the scope of her curly bush of pubic hair, ran his fingers through those intimate curls, and continued to explore between her thighs, which she parted slightly to assist him. The super soft flesh of upper thigh was there still, but was no longer bounded at its top by a fence bearing a "no trespassing" sign, no line drawn in the sand not to cross, no edge of panties to distinguish shared outside from private inside.

"Billie, beautiful Billie," Corky whispered, "you have truly opened my eyes. I never knew there could be such beauty in the world. This vision of you will always be my most precious possession."

Greatly moved by this, Billie slid her arms around his neck and pressed her bare breasts against his bare chest, saying, "Corky, you got to touch me. It's okay, sweetie, I need you to touch me there. Please, please, you have to do it for me."

Trying even harder to ignore the messages and warnings from his rock hard dick, Corky slid his hand upward from Billie's upper thigh, against the ceiling of the cathedral formed by the junction of her legs. There he found some minor remnants of the flourishing bush above, divided into two patches by a fleshy divide. The puffy lips of that divide rested easily along the length of Corky's middle finger as he explored, for the first time, a living and inviting pussy. Without attempting to enter her, he stroked and probed the length of those lips, tracing their oval outline, and registering their warmth and the hint of moisture as he caressed her most intimate flesh. Her pussy even seemed to be growing some, and parting some, as he continued his attentions, and its warmth and moistness became more salient too.

Billie said to herself, "Well all right! He did it! I am so proud of this guy! And damn it, he makes me feel so naughty and so good! I could come for sure just from this much touching."

And suddenly Corky's excitement reached that inevitable crescendo, that point of no return,, aimed right at his aching genital area.

"Billie, Billie," he gasped, "you got to help me now, right now, I can't hold it any more!"

Billie leapt into action. She quickly found the small towel she had brought, and knelt in front of Corky, grasping his now incendiary cock in her hands. Not your mouth, she cautioned herself, it's too late for that, and he's not ready either.

To Corky, she said in an excited whisper, "That's wonderful, Corky! Let it happen, Corky, we got a towel here, it's okay, sweetie, give me every precious drop, give me it all, I want you to just let it all go, go for it, go, go, go!"

She pumped his pulsing cock with strong strokes, coaxing every bit of come from him. In the dark, she managed to get a lot onto the towel, but a lot splattered over her,, too. Corky, still standing, leaned lightly on Billie for support during his release, as she continued to kneel before him, hanging onto the pulsing cock with one hand while attempting to confine its sticky product with the other.

But Billie's resolve was not made of iron. She giggled delightedly as the event unfolded, and when there seemed to be no more come to capture, she whispered to him, "That was so beautiful! I am so proud of you! You are my hero! Now let me clean you up a little."

With that, she took his softening cock into her mouth, and gave its head a thorough cleansing with her tongue, lingering at the task for several minutes. She took him in until he touched the back of her throat, and systematically licked everything she could reach. She finally let his still softening cock go, giggled happily again, and threw her arms around him for a huge expressive hug, without getting up from her kneeling position.

Corky knelt to join her, and they remained together on their knees, locked in an intimate embrace. He was overwhelmed with new feelings. She was proud of him for losing control like that. She was not disgusted, she was happy and even seemed grateful. Corky seemed to be on the threshold of an entirely new world. He kissed her sticky lips, and shared in the stickiness of her breasts and their intimacy seemed even deeper.

"Well now you know, if you didn't know already," Billie whispered mischievously, "sex is messy. I hope you like messy, you just plain have to get messy when you mess around. That's why they call it messing around."

"Billie," Corky whispered, "that was, well it was, shit! I don't know what it was! You are the most beautiful, the most natural, the most desirable, the most awesome, the most ..."

She interrupted him, "Love it! All those mosts, and all for me! You're pretty most yourself, you know." and they quietly, or nearly quietly, laughed together and then kissed deeply again.

In bed later, they lay together naked and locked in an embrace. Billie loved his gentle touching, but she was growing restless. She whispered, "Corky, remember when you promised you would never get crazy on me?"

"Yes, I remember," he replied, "but it's not as easy as I thought."

"Well I was thinking, maybe a little crazy might not be so bad, as long as we don't get totally crazy, if you know what I mean."

"Let me see if I have it," Corky said. "I think you mean no fucking, but everything else is allowed. Am I right?"

"Mostly right," she whispered, "but I wouldn't say allowed. I'd say More than allowed'. I'd say Everything else is strongly encouraged. Everything except making noise, that is."

"Like when you gave me that blowjob?" Corky whispered.

"What blowjob? That was no blowjob. That was just me being greedy," she replied.

"Let's get crazy then," Corky said, and gathering Billie's breast in both hand, he began licking large areas of it, spiraling inward toward its nipple. Once there, he suckled it lovingly, using generous strokes of his tongue while sucking. He took more and more of the nipple area into the vortex.

Billie stifled a gasp. "Yes, yes!" she whispered. "Suck my titty! You crazy bastard, I love it! And don't forget I got two of them, too!"

They were ecstatic with pleasure, and before long one source of stickiness was replaced by another, Corky's saliva.
