 There is something priceless about being a visitor in a small town. When the residents' day-to-day existence is typically comprised of seeing the same faces and no matter what they do, everyone seems to know about it, it's refreshing for them to have someone different to look at, to talk to and, in the case of the ladies in town, to flirt with. I found this out the first time I went hunting with my father-in-law in his hometown in western Nebraska, but learned to use it to my advantage as the years went on.

The previous year, I had hooked up with my wife's cousin's wife, Ashley, in the dead of night at her father-in-law's house, where I was staying with my father-in-law. We managed to pull off a secret rendezvous and had kept it a secret for almost a year. We'd been exchanging explicit emails, more so as the annual hunting trip drew nearer, but it had been a while since we'd exchanged x-rated pictures of ourselves. We'd sent a ton back and forth in the first few months after our night together, but not so many in more recent months. I really hadn't been thinking about it that much, partly because I had a very nice collection of pictures of her already, but mainly because I was more looking forward to seeing her in the flesh again. We were basically planning on following the same routine that had been so successful the previous year, only this time it wouldn't be a surprise to me.

I had also considered whether it would be feasible to hook up with anyone else while I was in town. Obviously, it would be extremely risky since I was traveling with my father-in-law, but with the attention I generally received during our few days in town, it was hard not to think about. I knew that as long as it was in the best interest of both parties to keep quiet about anything that happened, it could be done, but nobody came to mind immediately as a potential candidate. I figured I was pushing my luck by fucking Ashley, as it was, so I didn't waste too much mental energy on trying to arrange something else. As it turned out, sometimes it is better to just let the cards fall where they may.

During breakfast on Saturday morning, there was a young lady whom I didn't remember seeing on previous trips and whom I made eye contact with several times as we ate. She was working the grill at the restaurant while her younger sister waited the tables. She was definitely cute, with short, light-brown hair, nice-sized boobs and round, full ass. She wasn't big like Ashley, but she was bigger than her little sister, who barely had any meat on her bones. I guessed that she was between 18 and 20, at most. I didn't get the opportunity to talk to her, but, again, I didn't worry about it too much. Maybe I'd see her around, maybe I wouldn't. Either way, I was expecting to fuck Ashley later that night. I hadn't seen her yet, but I had no reason to believe that our plans had changed.

After an unseasonably warm day of hunting, we all showered, changed and met for dinner at a small restaurant in town. I recognized one of the other patrons as our waitress from that morning. A little while later, when I emerged from the bathroom, I found her waiting for me with a slip of paper.

"My sister wanted me to give you this," she said, handing me the paper. It was a phone number. She had called her sister to let her know that I was there and had been instructed to give me her phone number. I indicated the wedding ring on my finger and told her how I was with my father-in-law, so I couldn't call. I asked her to relay a message back to her sister telling her what I'd said and telling her where we were going after dinner, in case she wanted to drop by anyway. I figured this way if she knew my situation and was still interested, we could work out something discreet. I wasn't holding my breath.

A while later, as we sat in a bar drinking cheap domestic beer, I was surprised to see the young lady in question walk in. She definitely looked more dolled-up than she had that morning. Not only was her hair and make-up obviously done, she was wearing a short skirt, heels and a snug top that clearly showed the outline of her bra. We made eye contact while she made like she was looking for someone, then I got up and headed to the restroom. Outside the restroom and out of sight of my companions, we spoke for the first time.

"Any chance you can slip away from your father-in-law for a little while?" she asked, seeming a little unsure of herself.

"As long as you're okay with making it quick and keeping it quiet," I replied.

"Look," she said, "as it is, I can't get laid in this town without everyone knowing about it and, since I don't have a boyfriend, it would make me a slut anyway. I'd prefer that its quiet and I don't mind if it's quick as long as it's hot." She had me sold.

What an ideal situation. I wanted to have sex with her and not have anyone find out. She wanted to have sex with me and not have anyone find out. Granted, it was not going to be as simple as excusing myself and spending the night at her place. It would have to be brief and clandestine, but we were both on the same page and, as long as we both ended up satisfied, I was sure we'd both be content.

She told me where her pick-up was parked and said she'd wait for me there. I went into the bathroom and she left. When I got back to the table, I told my companions that the cigarette smoke was giving me a headache and, since it was a nice night, I was just going to take a quick walk around the block for some fresh air. Nobody, my father-in-law included, seemed the least bit suspicious. I headed out the door and around the corner, ducking down an alley halfway down the block. There was her truck and, as I approached it, she stepped out. Standing behind it, we slipped into each other's arms while bringing our faces together and immediately started making out.

My hands started out on her hips, but moved quickly around to squeeze her round ass. My cock was already rigid and pressing against her stomach, restrained only by my jeans. Sliding my hands up under her short skirt, I found that her ass was bare, though with further exploration, I determined that she was wearing a g-string. Realizing this made me even hotter and I wanted to see how it looked, so I dropped to my knees in front of her and raised the hem of her skirt. Her pussy was covered by a pretty narrow strip of white fabric with a little bow at the top. I kissed the front of her panties before running my tongue up and down it. Holding her skirt up with one hand, I pulled her panties aside with the other and started licking her dripping slit.

When she took over holding up the hem of her skirt, I used my now available other hand to slip a finger into her very snug pussy. She was all kinds of wet and slippery, but also pretty tight, so I couldn't wait to slip my cock into her. I wanted to get her to an orgasm, first, though, even though we had to be quick. That way I was assured of her satisfaction in the event that her tight pussy caused me to cum immediately upon entering her. As she started humping against my face, I got the feeling that it wouldn't take too much for her to cum. I slid my finger in and out of her hole while licking and sucking on her clit and could hear her breathing rate increasing. Still holding her skirt up with one hand, she grabbed the back of my head with the other, holding it in place while forcing her pussy against my face.

I continued my focused attentions, knowing that at any moment she was going to explode. I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged around my pumping finger and was anticipating an increased flow of lubrication, which would only feel even better once my cock slipped into her. She was practically panting as she humped harder against my face, finally letting out a soft cry as she started to shudder. I kept licking, sucking and pumping as she rode out her orgasm, knowing that it would be my turn to experience some intense pleasure very soon.

I stood up once I was certain that she had fully experienced her orgasm and she was unfastening my jeans before she'd even caught her breath. As she fished my rigid cock out, I reached behind her and opened the tailgate of her truck. I lifted her so that she was sitting on the very edge of it while she drew my cock toward the opening of her pussy. With the head lined up, I gently pushed forward, slipping into her snug channel. We both let out quiet moans as I filled her, completely embedding my full length in her incredible pussy. We relished the feeling for a minute or two before I started slowly sliding my meat in and out of her. We started making out again as we fucked and I got my hands under her skirt again, squeezing handfuls of her fleshy ass.

As we fucked harder, I was pulling her to me with my hands on her ass. When I told her she had a great ass, she suggested I take her from behind, that way I could enjoy it more rather than her just sitting on it. I pulled out of her pussy, my cock bouncing before me like a divining rod, while she slid off the tailgate and turned around. I pushed her skirt up to her waist while she pulled her g-string aside. In the dark of the alley, I couldn't really appreciate her ass visually, but I ran my hands over both cheeks before taking my cock and guiding it back into her pussy. Holding her by the hips, I started fucking her again while she slipped a hand between her legs to stimulate her clit. Once I got a good rhythm going, I was running my hands over her succulent ass cheeks again as I pumped my cock in and out of her pussy.

I realized that I hadn't even touched her tits yet, so I slipped my hands up under her top, which is how I knew she had a hand tucked back between her legs. I fondled her tits through her bra before unfastening it and feeling the smooth, soft flesh and hard nipples. I was fucking her slowly as I played with her tits when I felt her shudder beneath me. I could feel the tremors in her pussy, as well, and it felt even more outstanding. I wasn't quite ready to be finished yet, though, so once she'd finished cumming, I pulled out of her again and proposed another position to finish up. I climbed up into the bed of her truck and lay on my back, my cock pointing skyward. She climbed up and stood over me, then yanked her g-string off and lowered herself onto my cock.

I pulled her shirt up to expose her tits as she supported herself with an arm on each side of my head. I fondled the soft flesh and raised my head to lick and suck her hard nipples while she rode up and down my engorged cock. After playing with her tits for a little while, I ran my hands down over her ribs and around to her ass. I grabbed handfuls of it, pulling her down on me as I pushed up into her. I kept kneading and squeezing it as her sweet pussy drew me closer and closer to orgasm. Slipping a finger between her cheeks, I couldn't resist the allure of her asshole as she rode up and down on me. Drawing some lubrication that had escaped her pussy up between her cheeks, I swirled it around her anus before suddenly plunging my finger in.

She let out a much louder cry than I'm sure she meant to, but quickly came again while I finger-fucked her ass. Once she'd finished, she reached back and pulled my finger free, then dismounted me and leaned down to take my cock in her mouth. I would like to have cum in her pussy, but, then again, I didn't want to be introduced to my child on my next visit. She pumped the base of my cock as she slid her mouth up and down my rigid shaft, her free hand gently massaging my balls. I was pushing my hips up at her face, ready to finally cum, while she did an outstanding job of sucking my cock. I ran my fingers through her hair with one hand and fondled one of her tits with the other.

The orgasm I had been long awaiting finally built up to the point where I was ready to explode. Her talented cocksucking brought me slowly up to the edge with the ultimate amount of pleasure. Finally, with a grunt of relief, I started spewing into her hot mouth while she continued sucking, not releasing my cock until I was fully spent. We paused for a few minutes before pulling ourselves back together, getting our clothes back in place and our intimate parts out of the night air. She thanked me for making her cum so many times and said she hoped we'd be able to get together again sometime. We kissed a bit more before I headed on my way, agreeing that we would at the very least exchange email addresses surreptitiously the next morning at breakfast.

We had shared a pretty incredible and very intense sexual experience, but my night was not over yet. I went back to the bar and drank a few more beers before we called it a night and headed back to the house to turn in. I knew Ashley had a plan for slipping out of her house once her husband was home, but I hadn't asked her exactly what it was. Once everyone had closed their bedroom doors, all I could do was wait. I never even heard her coming, just saw the door starting to open once she'd arrived. I was impressed by her stealth.

She stuck just her head in first, verifying that I was in there waiting for her, wearing only a pair of lounge pants. She stepped through the door and my eyes got wider as I realized that she was very pregnant! She locked the door and turned to me, whispering, "Surprise!"

I got up off the bed and went to her, my cock already hardening at the thought of fucking her. I took her face in my hands and started kissing her, our tongues slipping into each other's mouths, then let my hands slide down to her big tits. I could feel her hard nipples protruding, so I gently rubbed them as I felt my cock getting harder, pushing out the front of my pants. I dropped my hand to the top of her swollen belly and ran it over the smooth curve, a little bit lower each time I circled it. My hand was soon sliding from the lower curve of her stomach down into her sweatpants, into her panties and through her bush. She moaned softly as my fingers slid up and down her dripping slit.

After a few more minutes of passionately making out and stroking her clit, she asked if I'd brought my digital camera; I had it sitting out beside the bed. She hadn't sent me any new pictures since she'd started showing because she wanted to surprise me, but now wanted me to photograph her as she undressed so I could add to my collection. I sat on the edge of the bed with the camera and took pictures of her fully dressed, shirt off, in bra and panties, without the bra and, finally, completely nude. She let me take a few more of her nude before she got distracted by my rigid cock trying to burst out of my pants. She came over to the bed and dropped to her knees then worked my pants down to my ankles, my cock standing proudly in my lap. I kept the camera handy and snapped a few shots of her as she grasped my cock in her fist and pumped it a few times while licking around the head then lowering her mouth over it and sucking it.

Setting the camera down, I reclined on the bed, supporting myself on my elbows while watching her working her oral magic on my tool. Since it had only been a few hours since I'd last blown a load, there was no real danger of me cumming too quickly, so I just enjoyed her talented mouth. She gently pumped the base of my cock while sliding her lips up and down, toying with my balls with her other hand. I ran my fingers through her long, dark hair, watching my cock disappearing into her mouth and relishing the feeling that went along with it. After a while, I asked her if she wanted to ride my cock; she let it pop out of her mouth and nodded.

I stayed where I was as she stood and maneuvered over me on the bed. She couldn't lean forward because of her big belly, so she sat straight upright while I guided my cock to her waiting pussy. She moaned softly as I filled her, then started riding up and down on my tool. She wasn't nearly as snug as the pussy I'd been in earlier that night, but I wasn't complaining; she still felt outstanding. I ran my hands up over her round belly to her swollen tits and caressed her hard, dark nipples.

I had discovered when my wife was pregnant how much of a turn-on pregnant women were to me. We fucked plenty when she was pregnant, but I never thought I'd have another opportunity to fuck a pregnant woman. This, to me, was an absolutely ideal situation to be in. Hell, if I'm going to be cheating anyway, why not be able to fulfill a fantasy while I'm at it?

I slid my hands down to the vicinity of Ashley's hips and watched her tits as she bounced harder and faster on my cock. There was enough room below her belly that I was able to slip a hand down to her pussy and lightly massage her clit. This got her moving even faster, so I figured she was getting close to cumming. I pushed up into her as best I could while rubbing her clit, my cock getting harder watching her awesome tits bouncing. Finally, she slowed down and seemed to shudder as she came, her eyes half closing and her mouth hanging open.

She started to pick up the pace again, but I suggested we try doing it doggie-style. There was a big mirror on one wall that I thought it would be hot to be able to watch ourselves in. She climbed off of me, leaving my cock waving like a flagpole, and got on her knees with her face against the comforter. I directed her to look in the mirror while I got behind her and guided my cock back into her pussy. It was hot to see my rigid tool disappear, then reappear again, and watch her big tits swinging against the large curve of her belly. I ran my hands over her round ass then up her back and around to cup her swinging tits, her hard nipples brushing against my palms.

Once I could feel my orgasm building, I straightened up, grabbing her at her hips again, and fucked her with long, slow strokes. Gradually I picked up my pace, my hips slapping against her ass and making it jiggle. We watched ourselves in the mirror as I fucked her harder and faster, her tits swinging back and forth. My cock was swelling within her, increasing the pleasure each of us was feeling. Finally, with a spasm, my cock started spewing cum deep into her pussy. It felt so incredible to be cumming in the person who had gotten me so turned on in the first place; talk about satisfaction. Once I was spent, I pulled out of her and had her roll onto her back beside me.

We made out some more while I ran my hand over her smooth, hard belly and her smooth, soft tits. I told her I wanted pictures right up until she went into labor and she told me that she was glad that I appreciated her pregnant body, because her husband hadn't laid a hand on her since she'd started showing. I told her what a crime I thought that was and that I wished I could fuck her every day until she went into labor. It was never going to happen, but at least it helped her self-esteem a little by making her aware of how sexy she was.

She stayed with me for as long as she felt it was safe, then dressed and snuck out. I looked through the pictures of her on the camera, then shut off the light and went to sleep thinking about her naked, pregnant body.