 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you have not read them yet, there are four previous chapters to this story.

*

As was typical in the months immediately after we'd had an opportunity to be together physically, there was a flurry of email and photos between Ashley and me after I returned home from Nebraska that last November. I was pleased that she was sending me so many photos even though I didn't realize at the time that I'd never see her naked in person again. It was about mid-summer of the following year when her husband, Shane, got laid off from the railroad due to the economic downturn. Things were stressful even though they were able to collect unemployment and Shane found some off-the-books work around town, so I understood her not feeling like taking photos or sending dirty emails. With the two of them spending so much time together, along with their girls, after he'd been working away from home so much, the spark in their relationship was apparently rekindled. I wasn't really surprised when I received the email from her that basically said, "it was a lot of fun and I'll cherish the memories, but it can't happen again." I let her know that there were no hard feelings but didn't say that I was sure I'd still be jerking off to my collection of photos of her.

The following November, as I headed up to Nebraska with my father-in-law and his friend Mac, I hoped that things wouldn't be awkward between Ashley and me. I had no expectation of getting laid, though I planned to keep my eyes open for a discreet opportunity like I'd experienced a couple of years prior. I also had my media player loaded with my favorite photos of Ashley, in case seeing her continued to fire me up and I had no outlet other than my hand. Mac wanted to stop at Cabela's on the way up, so we headed north via Sidney and stopped there to browse for a bit. My father-in-law's cousin, who was actually closer to my age than his, worked in the Cabela's travel department, so we stopped in to see her before we continued on.

I'd never seen Jennifer on any of our previous hunting trips, though I'm sure I must have met her at some family function or another and we received a Christmas card from her every year. She was super personable and a definite MILF, though Mac was flirting with her way more than I was. Jennifer told us to keep our eyes open for her daughter, Jordan, who was now living in the same town as my father-in-law's brother and Shane and Ashley. I'd seen photos of Jordan on the Christmas card every year and knew that she was a hot little piece of ass. Jennifer confirmed that Jordan was now over twenty-one, so we might see her in the bar, and that she was living in town while going to school a little further north. If we did run into her, my only goal was not to creep her out by staring at her too much.

When we ended up in the bar later that night, I spotted her right away wearing tight jeans and a tight top that showed off her figure quite well. I noticed that a lot of eyes were on her and not just the guys her age, either. I managed to keep my eyes on her face when my father-in-law introduced us because that was quite pretty, too. We chatted for a couple of minutes and I mentioned that her picture from the Christmas card was hanging on our refrigerator, so I got to see her every day even though I didn't think we'd ever been introduced before. We were having a nice conversation before Mac came over to introduce himself and start flirting. He ended up kind of edging me out, so I went to get another beer and watched from a distance with some amusement. 

A bit later, Jordan sought me out.

"Thanks for abandoning me with that guy," she said jokingly.

"Aw, Mac's harmless," I replied, "Maybe a bit creepy just based on the age difference, but that's about all."

"I was just kidding," she confirmed, "He was okay but, yeah, he should probably limit his flirting to people about ten years older than me."

We ended up talking for a little while, kind of getting to know each other, but I was careful not to flirt too much since I was still almost twice her age. I did feel quite flattered, though, that she was obviously flirting with me. Still, I also had to be careful because my father-in-law was there. She looked around the room at one point as if she was contemplating something.

"You know what really sucks about living in a small town like this?" she finally asked.

"That you can't get laid without everybody knowing about it?" I posited. I knew that from the young lady I'd hooked up with in the back of her pick-up a couple of years prior. Jordan seemed surprised that I knew the answer.

"Yeah, that's right," she replied, "If I was feeling horny and took one of these guys in here home, I'd be known as the 'easy girl' before breakfast tomorrow. If I went out on a date with one of them and they wanted to fuck me and I let them, I'd be 'the girl who does it on the first date.' If I didn't put out on the first date, I'd be 'the moral girl' and there wouldn't be a second date. It's a no-win situation here."

"You need a guy for whom discretion is just as important to as it is for you," I told her, "Maybe a married guy from out of town or something."

She looked at me as I sipped my beer as if trying to determine whether I was serious.

"How would I get such a guy away from his in-laws?" she finally asked. "What, those old critters?" I asked, "They'll be asleep before eleven tonight and the married guy could just slip out for a few hours while they snoozed. He'd just need a ride."

"Where's a safe place to pick you up?" she asked.

I gave her directions to a corner near my father-in-law's brother's house and told her that I could text her when everyone headed off to bed. By the time she got over there to pick me up, I'd be able to slip out safely. She gave me her phone number and I put it into my own phone. It wasn't too much later that my father-in-law indicated that everyone was ready to call it a night because we had to get up early the next morning. I smirked at Jordan and tipped her a wink before following them outside. I'm not sure it was even 10:30 when everyone was in their beds and I could hear snoring. I sent Jordan a text and waited long enough for her to at least be almost there before slipping quietly out of the house. I arrived at the corner at about the same time that she pulled up, so I hopped into her car and she drove off slowly.

"You look happy," I said, noting the big smile on her face.

"I guess I was concerned that you wouldn't make it out," she replied, "and now I'm happy that you're actually here."

"I wouldn't have missed this for anything," I admitted.

At the next stop sign, she turned to look at me, so I leaned over and kissed her. We made out for a minute before continuing on to her apartment. Once she'd parked, we quietly and cautiously made our way to the door and slipped inside unobserved. With the door bolted behind us, we were in each other's arms and making out much more passionately. My hands slid down to grip her tight ass, which I squeezed and massaged while pulling her against the bulge in my jeans.

"Would you be okay with it," I asked her, pulling my mouth from hers, "if I was to slowly undress you then explore your body with my lips and tongue?"

"Oh God, yes," she replied, breathlessly, "Just don't tease me because I so desperately need release."

I had no intention of teasing her, but I did want to enjoy every square inch of her tight, young body since I didn't know if I'd ever get another opportunity. She led me to her bedroom and turned on a small bedside lamp then was back in my arms. As we made out, I started to peel off her tight shirt then backed up so I could pull it over her head and admire her exposed flesh and bra. After casting her shirt aside, I dropped to my knees to start unfastening her jeans and, as I started to work them down in the back, discovered that she was wearing a thong. Her bare cheeks were soft and smooth under my hands as I worked her tight jeans down below it then started to slide them down her thin legs. I kissed her lower abdomen, just above the elastic of her panties, before helping her step out of her jeans, leaving her standing in just bra and panties.

Sitting back on my heels, I admired her figure and relished the fact that I was there to enjoy it. I had her turn and show me her ass, which was spectacular, before I stood and unfastened her bra. I was rock hard as I watched her tits slowly revealed, her areolas large and light pink and her nipples sticking out. As her bra dropped to the floor, I lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples as I caressed the smooth flesh in my hands. Jordan moaned softly and ran her fingers through my hair. I dropped to my knees again to slide her panties off and was fixated on her pussy as it was slowly revealed. Her bush was trim and dark brown and, since I was dying to eat it, I leaned in and, taking an ass cheek in each hand, ran my tongue up it a few times as she whimpered.

Her panties dropped to her ankles, so she kicked them aside and spread her legs more but I suggested she get up on her bed. She backed up to sit on the edge, then scooted back until she was able to lie in the middle of it. I kicked off my shoes and, still fully dressed otherwise, crawled up onto her bed and knelt between her feet, looking over her hot, naked body. Ashley briefly crossed my mind since she'd been the last woman I'd seen in this position while visiting this town. The trim brown bush and my desire were about the only thing the two women had in common. Jordan didn't have an ounce of fat on her, had never given birth and had much smaller tits but that didn't mean that I wanted her more than I had wanted Ashley when we'd been together. At that moment, however, Jordan was all that I wanted.

I leaned forward, kissing along her smooth inner thighs from her knees down toward her pussy, alternating from one side to the other. When I reached her trim bush, I immediately started running my tongue up her slit, tasting the pungent nectar that was overflowing. She grabbed my head and started to push her hips upward while I lay on my stomach between her spread legs. Her pussy was flooded with way more juices than I could ever hope to lap up and I was curious about how hot and slippery it must be, so I slipped a finger into her. She was much tighter than Ashley had been, obviously given that she'd never squeezed a baby out of there, but my finger easily slid in and out due to all of the lubrication she was producing. I couldn't wait to slip my cock into her, so I focused on giving her an orgasm.

I licked and sucked her clit as I continued to slide my finger in and out of her and she got louder. As much as I wanted to fuck her, I was aware that it would all come in good time and was savoring the musky taste of her pussy while she appeared to be enjoying having her pussy eaten. I was pleased that I was able to help her achieve something she hadn't been able to while maintaining her reputation though I must admit that I was more pleased to have a sweet, young pussy to chow down on. I glanced up beyond her flat stomach to her perky tits squeezed between her arms and aiming at the ceiling. Further up, her face was contorted with pleasure as her orgasm continued to build.

Unbelievably, her pussy was getting even wetter and more engorged the longer I ate and fingered her. I could tell that she was trying to keep her vocalizations at a reasonable level and assumed that having her neighbors hear her would lead to unwanted speculation about her. She had a tight grip on my head and was rocking her hips toward my face at an ever increasing pace. It was bittersweet because I definitely planned to fuck her once she'd cum but I was also thoroughly enjoying eating her sweet pussy. When she started to tense up, I could tell that she was right on the verge of cumming but continued what I was doing as it seemed to be getting the job done. She'd gone silent right up until she went over the edge and her entire body started to shake, a kind of gasping cry slipping out at that moment.

She went limp on her bed, the tension leaving her body along with a few squeaks as she rode out an intense orgasm. I raised my head only once she'd gone completely still and let out a sigh. I looked up and saw a content smile on her face, though her eyes were closed. I straightened up onto my knees and peeled off my shirt, then started to undo my belt. She opened her eyes at the jingling of my belt buckle and watched with rapt attention as I opened my jeans and pushed them down. My briefs were tented out by my throbbing tool, so I pushed them down and freed it. Jordan gasped as it sprung out and I stroked it in my fist before I lowered myself over her with my jeans around my knees and guided my tool toward her hot pussy.

I slipped in easily despite her pussy being quite snug and let out an involuntary moan of pleasure while she sucked in her breath. I didn't even start fucking her right away, just relished the feeling of her hot pussy wrapped around my tool as I brought my lips to hers and we started to make out. Gradually, I started to slowly slide the full length of my cock in and out of her while she started to rock her hips in rhythm with my thrusts. Fucking her was everything I could have imagined and more and feeling her tits against my chest and her tongue in my mouth only heightened the experience. It was no surprise to me that, almost immediately, I started to feel the stirrings of an orgasm. I certainly didn't want this to last only a few minutes but, at the same time, I didn't think there was any way I could stop myself now that I'd started. Fortunately, after a few minutes of fucking her slowly, Jordan came to my rescue.

"Why are you still wearing your pants?" she asked after her legs brushed against mine and the felt the material of my jeans, "Let's get you naked."

I was kissing her neck at that point and just rolled to the side, my cock slipping free of her hot pussy. Lying on my back, I started to slide my jeans and underwear down, but she moved up onto her knees and helped while I started at her bouncing tits. She tossed my jeans and underwear off the bed then stripped off my socks as well before stroking my cock in her fist as she moved up to straddle me. As I reached up to fondle her tits, she guided my cock back to her pussy and eased herself down onto it. She closed her eyes as it filled her up and just sat on it for a moment before gradually starting to move up and down on it. I was caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits and brushing my palms over her hard nipples when she started riding me but, as she continued, my hands moved around to her ass and along the slight curve of her waist.

She'd started out sitting upright but, the longer she rode me, the more she was moving, and she ended up leaning forward, supporting herself with her arms and rocking forward and back on my tool. With her tits that close to my face, I started to lick and suck her hard nipples while my hands were massaging her ass. I was also pushing my own ass up off the bed as I thrust my cock into her as deeply as I could manage. She was starting to get loud again as she was riding me harder and faster and I could feel her pussy becoming more slippery again. While my staying power was much better with her on top, controlling the action, as her pussy continued to feel even hotter than it already had been, I was starting to feel the stirrings of my orgasm again.

I wanted to continue feeling the pleasure of fucking her all night long but, since that wasn't realistic, I was okay with blowing a load deep into her pussy once I was sure that she'd cum again. I knew that she was right on the verge, so it didn't come as a surprise when she seemed to go into slow motion and her body started to tremble. I just lay there, continuing to caress her ass, as she rode out her orgasm and figuring that, once she'd finished, I'd start fucking her hard again until I came. When Jordan finally let out a sigh, indicating that she'd finished cumming, she smiled then leaned down to kiss me before moving backwards down the bed, my cock slipping out of her.

She took my cock in her hand and pumped it while licking the head, no doubt tasting her own flavor, before sliding her lips down it as far as she could. While still gently pumping the base, she slid her lips up and down my shaft, providing me with abundant pleasure. I watched as her hot mouth repeatedly engulfed my tool, her face framed by a curtain of her brown hair. Her pussy had felt outstanding but her cocksucking certainly was no poke in the eye; this clearly was not her first rodeo. I tried to relax and just enjoy the building pleasure while her mouth traveled up and down my throbbing tool. I'd been getting close to cumming when she'd been fucking me and it didn't take much of her talented cocksucking before I was getting very close again. She didn't employ any tricks of the trade to prolong my pleasure, I assumed because she hadn't been sucking cock long enough to have really developed any, but I was perfectly content to blow my load as soon as the time came.

When my cock started to swell even more and my breathing rate increased as I was right on the verge, Jordan never hesitated; she continued to suck my cock with enthusiasm even as I exploded into her mouth. She swallowed my load and continued to suck my cock until I was completely spent before letting it fall from her mouth and smiling up at me. I beckoned her to join me so she crawled up and lay in my arms.

"That was fantastic," I told her as I stroked her hair, "Can we do this again tomorrow night?"

"Actually..." she hesitated, "I'm supposed to meet a friend in Cheyenne tomorrow. I haven't seen her in a couple of years and she's only going to be there for one night. I could cancel, though."

"Whoa," I replied, "Not so fast. You should know better than to ditch a friend for a guy, especially in a situation like this."

"But this was so good," she was clearly torn, "I would feel terrible if I ditched her, though."

"Listen," I said, "don't worry about it. At least we had tonight and we should appreciate that. We'll stay in touch and take advantage if another opportunity presents itself. It's not like I live that far away."

She reluctantly agreed and we lay together for a bit longer before I really had to get back to the house if I was going to get any sleep that night. We pulled our clothes back on and snuck back out to her car then she drove me back to the house. We made out a little bit before I stepped out.

"Thanks," she said just before I closed the door.

"It truly was my pleasure," I replied, "and I certainly hope it will be again."

I had written my email address down for her and requested she send me a lot of photos, which I hoped she'd follow up on. I also promised to think about ways that we could see each other again between now and hunting season the following year.

The wake-up knock on my door came much too early the next morning but I was still flying high from the night before, so I wasn't complaining. The weather cooperated and we had a good day of walking fields and shooting at birds and drinking a few beers and smoking a few cigars. We even managed to squeeze a lunch break in. By late afternoon, we were pretty beat and ready for a shower and a hearty meal. The true hunters were pleased with their success and were okay with calling it a day. Back at my father-in-law's brother's house, I had a chance to chat with Ashley before she and Shane headed back to their house and things were definitely good between us. I felt a little twinge knowing that it was unlikely I'd ever have the chance to get naked with her again, but thinking about my night with Jordan definitely helped ease that.
