 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you have not read them yet, there are five previous chapters to this story. Six if you count Cornhusker Granny, which you should read even if you don't count it.



When we'd been in Nebraska in November for the annual pheasant hunting trip, my father-in-law had said that we'd probably need to come back up when the weather was warmer to do some work on one of the properties that he still owned there. I wasn't counting on it actually happening because I figured it would probably end up being him and his brothers and a few other people who lived up there taking care of it instead. A few months later, when he started talking about actually going up to take care of it, I was surprised. Since the property wasn't down near where his brother who we typically stayed with lived, we were going to be staying at the Holiday Inn in Scottsbluff. Because the Holiday Inn was owned by a friend of his, we even ended up getting our own rooms for less than the full price of a single room, which I appreciated because I knew my father-in-law snored like a chainsaw.

We arrived on Friday evening and scoped out the work to be done during the course of Saturday so that we could leave by noon on Sunday. When we were sure we knew what needed to be done and what equipment and tools we'd need to do it, we headed to the Steel Grill, near the hotel, to grab some dinner and drinks with my father-in-law's brother. Arnold had clearly been there before because the manager started giving him crap right away but, once we'd been seated, she stopped by to check up on us pretty frequently.

"Who does Lisa remind you of?" I finally asked my father-in-law after one of her stops.

"She does look familiar," he replied, "but I'm not sure why."

"I think she looks like she could be Patti's sister," I pointed out, meaning the wife of my friend Dave.

"You're right," he said, his eyes lighting up.

I'd had a crush on Patti for as long as I'd known her so, seeing someone who looked so similar and who also had a kick-ass physique, I was not as jazzed as one might expect. I realized that it was another woman I was really attracted to who I'd never get my hands on or see naked. Maybe this was a bad attitude given how much action I'd been getting in Nebraska since I'd been coming up each year with my father-in-law but, if she hadn't looked like somebody I was already smitten with, I'd probably have felt quite a bit differently. I definitely eyeballed her a lot as she made her rounds of the restaurant but I hoped that I wasn't too obvious about it. She was wearing what I assumed were tights that showed off her fantastic ass and, when she was nearby, I could catch a bit of cleavage, though she really didn't have her boobs right out there on display.

"What is that you're drinking?" she asked me at one point, indicating the Colorado-brewed IPA in front of me. I showed her the label and told her a little bit about it though, as manager, she should have known about what she was serving.

"You want to try it?" I asked, figuring that she would then know even more about it.

"No, that wouldn't be appropriate for me to drink a customer's beer," she replied.

"It's because you're afraid of getting cooties, isn't it," I said with mock seriousness.

"No, I'm not afraid of cooties," she replied, her voice dropping to a level that only I could hear, "but there are a lot more fun ways of catching them."

"So would getting cooties from a customer be inappropriate, too?" I asked.

"Probably," she replied, "but if no one knew about it there would be nothing to worry about. Why don't you excuse yourself to use the restroom and meet me outside in a couple of minutes?"

She ran her hand along my leg before turning and walking away. I watched her ass, which seemed to have a bit more swing in it, as I tried to process what had just happened. Instead of trying to figure out what it might mean, I excused myself to the restroom and, after a quick detour inside to use it, came out and walked out the front door. I spotted her down by the corner of the building and headed that way. Around the corner, we were out of sight and not likely to be interrupted.

"You're not local, are you?" she asked.

"Nope. I'm in town for weekend, staying at Holiday Inn," I replied

"I'm married; I see that you are too," she said, indicating my ring, "Your wife isn't with you?"

"No, but I am with my father in law," I told her.

"I see the same people day in and day out, including my husband," she explained, "I think we could have some fun if we can keep it between the two of us."

"You want to come by the Holiday Inn after closing?" I asked.

"It wouldn't be the first time I stayed there instead of going home that late," she admitted, "though it would be the first time I would be doing it with an ulterior motive."

We wrote down each other's cell numbers and I gave her my room number and we agreed that it would be a good idea to keep it as casual as possible for remainder of night. Before heading back inside separately, we leaned in toward each other and made out briefly. My head was spinning after that as I headed back to our table, but no one seemed to notice or think I had been gone for an unusually long time. I was still checking Lisa out any time she was nearby but now I was thinking that I'd be getting my hands on that tight body after all, as well as very likely getting a good look at it naked. The fact that she resembled Patti was actually secondary to the fact that she was interested in spending the night in my hotel room with me.

Knowing that it would be very late before she made it over to the hotel, I changed into lounge pants and a t-shirt and dozed in front of the TV for a bit before she called. It wouldn't take long for her to get there, so I quickly brushed my teeth and was waiting when she got to my door so she wouldn't have to knock that late at night. She looked tired but her eyes were very alive and she had a big smile as I let her in. We started making out once I'd locked the door, then I picked her up and carried her to the bed. We lay down together and continued making out, my hands going down to caress and squeeze her ass. About the time I reached for her tits, she reached down and found my throbbing tool.

"I've been thinking about sucking your cock all night," she said as she extracted it and started to caress it in her petite hand. She crawled down the bed while rolling me onto my back then slipped my lounge pants down, my rigid cock standing straight up. As she positioned herself between my legs on her knees, I stripped off my t-shirt and propped myself up on the pillows. She pumped my cock a couple of times before wrapping her lips around it and sliding them down. I couldn't help but moan softly as my cock was engulfed in her hot mouth. She started to slowly slide her mouth up and down while gently pumping the base and caressing my balls. I was completely fired up, partly from the anticipation and partly from what was actually going on, so I knew I wouldn't be good for very long. I also knew, however, that it would not take much to recover with the opportunity to see Lisa naked and eat her pussy still to come.

I savored not only her skillful cocksucking, but also the visual of her pretty, Patti-like face engulfing my tool over and over. When she'd occasionally slip my cock from her mouth, she'd still pump it as she ran her tongue over my balls or around the head. The way she was moaning, it sounded as though she was savoring the blowjob as much as I was. If she'd truly been thinking about it all night and was enjoying it as much as it sounded like, I knew her pussy would be dripping wet and a treat to devour as well as fuck. Knowing that getting her naked, eating her pussy and fucking her was still ahead of me, I wasn't trying to hold out and savor her cocksucking. I was trying to just relax and enjoy the building pleasure that her mouth was providing.

She managed to draw out the pleasure for longer than I had expected to be able to last, though I was not certain whether this was for my benefit or for her own. When my cock began to swell even more as I approached my orgasm, I think this only fired her up even more and she became even more voracious in sucking me off. With a soft grunt, I finally started spewing into her mouth and she continued to blow me as she swallowed my bountiful load. She milked every drop out of me and, even then, seemed reluctant to be finished. She let my cock fall from her mouth once it began to soften and raised her head to smile at me.

"Yummy," she said, then straightened up, "I feel a bit overdressed."

She slipped out of her sweater and pulled her blouse over her head, revealing a decent set of tits encased in a black, lacy bra and dusted with freckles. She reached back, still on her knees, and slipped off her shoes, then stood on the bed. Her tights went next, revealing black panties while I got a good view of her swinging titties as she leaned forward. I had her turn and show me her sweet ass once she'd straightened up again, then she reached for her bra, unfastening it before turning to face me again. She let the bra slide down her arms, exposing her freckled tits topped with dark pink areolas and hard nipples that cried out for sucking. After that, she slowly slid her panties down to reveal a nicely trim, dark brown bush that reminded me of the porn stars of the 80's that I remembered growing up.

As she was kicking her panties aside, I was sitting up so that I could get a closer look at that trim bush. It was a work of art and obviously something that she was pretty meticulous about. I grabbed her ass in both hands and ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the copious juices that were accumulating.

"Sit down and get comfortable," I finally said, "I'm going to be doing this for a while."

She took the place I had been occupying, propped up on pillows against the headboard, and spread her legs for me. On my hands and knees, I first brought my lips to hers and kissed her briefly before moving down to lick and suck her hard nipples. I continued down until I was lying between her spread legs with her pussy right in front of me. I ran my tongue up it repeatedly for a little while, eliciting passionate moans and writhing, before slipping a couple of fingers into her. As I pumped them slowly in and out, I started licking and sucking her clit and she gasped as she grabbed my head. I glanced up as I was eating her to see that her arms were squeezing her tits together and outward. My cock was already at half-staff again.

The look on her face was pure passion and I was pleased to be able to make her feel as good as she had made me feel. As I continued eating her pussy, I felt it getting even hotter and wetter, which I wouldn't have thought possible. She was humping toward my face and moaning softly while continuing to hold my head in place. I would have been content to have my face buried between her smooth thighs for a few hours, or at least as long as my tongue would hold out, but there was no question that she was as worked up as I had been and on her way to a quick orgasm. I wasn't surprised, then, when she started to gradually tense up a bit. It wasn't disappointing that she was nearing an orgasm because I knew she was experiencing high levels of pleasure and I knew that, if I really wanted to, she probably wouldn't complain if I just kept eating her through a few orgasms.

I could tell that she was trying very hard to stifle any noises that potentially slip out and assumed that she must be concerned with thin walls in the hotel. When she did start cumming, she let a sort of squeak slip out as her entire body started to shake. I could feel her pussy flooding with even more juices and continued to pump my fingers in and out while remaining intent on licking her clit as long as she was cumming. Her orgasm seemed to be pretty intense and it definitely went on for a bit. When she finally went limp, let out a sigh and let go of my head, my cock was already hard again, so I decided against continuing to eat her pussy. I slipped my fingers out of her and sucked her juices off of them before getting up onto my knees.

I took a moment to appreciate her physique before grabbing her legs and dragging her down the bed so that she was flat on her back. I leaned over her to lick and suck her hard nipples again then lowered myself over her while guiding my cock into her hot, wet pussy. We both moaned softly as my cock slid easily into her then began to make out passionately as I started to slowly slide it in and out. She was immediately raising her hips to accept my full length each time I thrust into her. Fucking her, feeling her petite body below me and her tongue in my mouth were all absolutely incredible so I held the slow pace to savor it.

As good as it felt to be fucking her, I also wanted to get my hands on her tits and ass, so we eventually repositioned so that she was on top. As she started to ride my cock, I started caressing her freckled tits, running my hands over the soft, smooth flesh as well as her hard nipples. The look on her face told me that she was enjoying herself, as did the occasional soft moan that she couldn't seem to contain. My gaze dropped down to her trim pussy and my hands found their way around to her sweet ass, though neither remained there. I was pushing up into her each time she came down, sometime with my hands on her ass, pulling her down, and sometimes with my hands on her tits. As I felt her pussy getting hotter and wetter once again, she leaned forward, supporting herself with a hand planted on either side of my head.

With her tits right in my face, I was licking and sucking her hard nipples while my hands remained on her ass. As I was pushing up into her as deeply as I could, I was also pulling her down so that my cock achieved maximum penetration. With an ass cheek in each hand, my fingertips were close to the crack of her ass and I ended up running one fingertip along the length of it, from her pussy to her tailbone. As my fingertip passed over her asshole, I sensed a reaction in her that indicated it was pleasurable to her. After confirming this with subsequent passes of my finger, I collected some of her overflowing juices from around her pussy on my fingertip and started to apply pressure to her asshole. I was still getting positive feedback so I went ahead and eased my finger inside, causing Lisa to immediately start cumming.

Her orgasm was long and intense and I just held my finger there inside her, easing it out only once she was done cumming. She smiled at me then kissed me passionately while still just sitting on my throbbing cock. Once she'd recovered and had expressed how much she'd enjoyed that orgasm, she pulled her mouth from mine.

"How about sticking your cock in my ass now?" she asked.

Of course I was game so, when she moved off next to me still on her hands and knees, I got up and knelt behind her. I ran my hands over ass before starting to slather the juices flowing from her pussy over and into her asshole with my fingers. She was writhing and softly moaning even though I hadn't even slipped my cock into her yet. I finally straightened up and slipped my cock into her pussy first, getting it nice and slippery, then eased it into her ass. Despite having her face buried in a pillow, I could still hear the deep, throaty moan she let out as I entered her. Holding her hips, I started to slowly ease my cock in and out of her and was pleasantly surprised when she started to cum almost immediately. I'd felt my own orgasm beginning to build up as soon as I'd entered her tight ass, as well, and was planning on just releasing my load into her once I reached that point. In the meantime, I was savoring the pleasure of her tight opening along the length of my shaft.

I reached forward as I slowly fucked her and cupped her swinging tits, massaging her hard nipples with my palms. She was pushing back against my incoming thrusts so that it didn't matter that I was no longer holding onto her hips. The longer we went at it, the harder she was pushing back and, as I felt my orgasm getting closer, I did straighten up and take her by the hips again. I know she came at least once more as I felt my cock swelling even more in anticipation of cumming, but it is possible that she had more orgasms that I wasn't as aware of. I was fucking her a little bit harder and faster as I got close to cumming before I finally exploded deep into her ass.

I continued fucking her ass for as long as I was cumming, then pulled out and flopped onto the bed beside her. She started kissing me again and dropped from her hands and knees to her stomach, her bare flesh against mine. She eventually got up to do some pre-sleep ablutions in the bathroom and I think I was actually asleep when she came back out. I woke up a couple of times in the wee hours of the morning with her in my arms and, when I finally had to get up so that I'd be ready to meet my father-in-law, I left her sleeping.

"Stay as long as you want," I whispered as I was about to leave, hoping she was awake enough to get the message.

When I got back to the hotel late that afternoon, there was a nice note in which she thanked me, told me how much she'd enjoyed our time together, especially my cock in her ass, and asked if I would mind if she came by again that night. I immediately shot her a text to let her know that she was absolutely welcome.