 "Jake, you are so bad!" I said as I slapped him playfully on the arm when he closed the door. 

"Don't even fucking try to tell me you didn't love every inch of that Latino cock you just took so willingly," Jake responded. "Maybe I should have invited my whole squad, you sexual lunatic!"

I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled myself up onto my tiptoes, pressing against him, and kissed him lustfully on the lips. "I'm not just any slut, Jake," I declared. "I'm YOUR slut." I slipped my knee up between his legs and humped him hungrily.

"You heard your new boyfriend, didn't you?" Jake whispered. "He said 15 minutes, and you've used too much of that up already! Now, get ready to go. I think we're going to the bowling alley for burgers and beer."

Pouting, I stood in front of the mirror and looked at my wet hair. Picking a few strands out of my face, I wondered what I could do with this disaster. Jake was ready in a flash. (How is it that men can get ready to go so damn fast?) Thankfully, he had a hair blower, so I was able to do a quickie fix on my tangled mess. Luckily, I've never really needed much in the way of makeup; other than a light application of lipstick, I rarely require anything else. I was just slipping the dress over my head, when I suddenly felt Jake's fingers unhook my bra. "Hey," I protested, "I'm trying to get ready!"

"No bra, Lisa," Jake ordered. "I want to be able to see those big tits through the material in that dress, and I'm sure Carlos will too."

"Jake!" I squealed in response, excited nevertheless. Reluctantly, I let him remove my bra, and then resumed putting my dress on. As I was straightening the dress over my dampish body, I was waiting for him to tell me I couldn't wear my panties either, but he didn't. Sure enough, just as he suggested, my nipples were prominently pressed against the material of the light flowery dress. I put on the heels I'd brought along and turned to tell him I was ready. He was already holding the door open, and, with that, we were hurrying down the hall to meet Carlos. 

The clicking of my heels on the hardwood floors didn't go unnoticed. Heads started popping out the rooms as we passed. Wolf whistles and complimentary hoots and hollers followed. At first I was embarrassed, but by the time we got to the exit door, I was warmly soaking it all up. The outside door slammed behind us and we descended the stairs to the parking lot below. Carlos was waiting at the bottom. His eyes were bulging out of their sockets as he announced, "I was about to say, it's about time, but it was definitely worth the wait! You drive, Gardner."

There is not much room in the backseat of a Mustang GTX! Carlos and I sat sorta sideways, with me leaning back into him. He had his arm around my shoulder with his fingertips brushing over the tops of my exposed breasts. I kept playfully slapping his hand, which only deterred him for a minute. Luckily, it didn't take long to get to the Post bowling alley. It was difficult being ladylike as I extricated myself from the backseat. My skirt rode up my thighs, revealing my panties when I finally got out. Arm in arm with my two escorts, we walked into Sherman's Alley. 

Inside, it was packed. I thought we were there for some food, but one of Jake's friends came up and told him they needed two more bowlers on their team or they'd be disqualified. 'That took care of that,' I thought as we made our way over to one of the alleys. Jake's teammates were using alley balls and dressed in street clothes. Their opponents had fancy monogrammed balls and matching shirts. Our guys needed a name for their team and Carlos suggested "Lisa's Studs;" that's what the team name became that night. (I forget what the "pro-team's" name was, but it was something catchy. Maybe I'll think of it before I finish telling the story.)

I became the official beer runner for our team. The guys also made sure that I sat in the scoring chair as much as possible. A machine tabulated the scores, but that didn't matter; I wasn't there to worry about the scores. Jake and Carlos would periodically tell me to show more leg, or get up and bounce for the opposing team. I got into that part very easily, and found that I was enjoying the attention of my own team a lot more. The three games went by very quickly. It wasn't even close, no matter what I did. My boys lost, but no one complained. It was totally fun!

The winning team offered to buy us a round for being such good sports, which we accepted. I sipped on a coke and the boys guzzled their beer. I sighed to myself, wondering if Jake was going to be able to play more when we got back to his room. After another round or two, everyone broke up and bid their good-byes. Jake and Carlos were both toasted! I drove them back to the barracks just in time for Carlos to fall out the door and barf all over the curb. Yuck! Luckily, Carlos had a room downstairs, so I didn't have to worry about him. I wasn't much help getting Jake up the stairs and down to his room, but somehow we managed. I smiled at the couple of guys who looked out of their rooms to see what the commotion was all about.

Inside the room, Jake fell into his bed and immediately began to snore. 'Damn,' I thought, shaking my head in frustration, realizing that I wasn't going to get any more cock tonight. At least not from Jake or Carlos, would I. I pulled off Jake's shoes and threw a blanket on top of him. It was about 1 a.m. and I didn't feel like going back out alone, so I just removed my dress and dug through Jake's footlocker until I found a T-shirt to wear as a nightgown. It clung tightly to the mold of my breasts. Smiling to myself, I looked down to where the bottom of the shirt came to my kneecaps.

Wouldn't you know it, I had to pee. Scrunching up my face in frustration, I knew the only way I was going to take care of that was to go across the hall. I pressed my ear to the door listening for tell tale sounds of anyone in the hallway. It was quiet enough in the hall, though I could hear my heart pounding loud enough to wake the dead. Carefully, I opened the door and peered up and down the long hallway. I reached across my chest with my left hand and cupped my right breast, as I scampered across the hall into the bathroom.

"Whew, no one here but me," I muttered as I closed the stall door behind me and sat down. No sooner did I start to pee, then someone entered the bathroom. I could hear him yawning as he approached the urinal right next to the stall I was sitting in. As he was relieving himself, I noticed what big feet he had compared to mine. Then it occurred to me -- he'd better not notice how little my feet are, or I'm gonna be in big trouble. No sooner had that thought crossed my mind than I heard him break the silence.

"Hey, kid, get the fuck out of there!" he hollered as he came around to the front of my stall and began pounding on the door.

I was scared to death and didn't know what to do. "Please, Mister, I'll go," I sobbed. "Just let me finish what I'm doing, and I'll never come here again." I was hoping that he would think my voice belonged to a child and not to a half-naked 18-year-old female in an all-male barracks latrine.

No such luck. He forced the door to my stall open, and all I could manage was a shy smile and a little wave. He stood there, not wearing much more than I was, and stared open-mouthed at me. Slowly, an evil grin spread over his face as he stood there assessing the situation. He moved a little closer to me, trapping me in the stall. I tried to stand and pull my panties up, but couldn't because of his hulking presence. My eyes left his briefly, to see what he was doing. Sure enough, he was pulling his hardened cock from his jockeys and fisting it towards my face.

I tried hopelessly to back up, knowing what was going to happen next. I tried pleading with him as a meaty paw reached out and came to rest on my head. "I'm here with Corporal Jake Gardner," I told him. "If you'll just ask him, he'll tell you. I'm with him. Please, don't do this."

"Son of a bitch!" he exclaimed. "You're the Corporal's girl? Oh, shit! I'm fucked now. Listen, Miss," he stammered, as he crammed his rapidly deflating cock back into his jockeys, "I didn't know. I mean, no one would blame me, finding you here like this. Oh, shit. This isn't fair!" He backed up and out of the stall, looking nervously around, evidently to make sure no one else saw this. Then, he bolted through the latrine door and disappeared into one of the rooms.

I was in shock, but not too much shock to scramble to my feet and run for Jake's room as fast as my legs would carry me. Safely back in Jake's room, I breathed a sigh of relief. The moon was shining through the window, lighting up everything. Jake had rolled over on his back, his shirt half unbuttoned, partially revealing his gorgeous muscled body.

Now, it was my turn to have lustful thoughts. He looked so peaceful, lying there, as I knelt by his bunk. With delicate fingers I carefully unbuckled his belt and quietly slid his zipper down. I peeled back the jeans material and slipped my hand inside his boxer shorts and carefully pulled out his flaccid cock. It was warm and moist in my hand as I bent forward and planted loving little kisses on the head before slipping it into my mouth to suck on.

As I took his cock in my mouth, he began to stir. He squirmed slightly as I continued to suck and bathe his cock with my saliva. His cock began to move, to grow, to swell in my mouth. I could hear his breathing coming a bit quicker and more uneven. Every so often, he'd snort and jerk, but he was obviously still asleep. I snaked a hand up his hard abdomen and deftly undid the remaining buttons on his shirt. I was sucking a little harder now, pulling my lips tightly up the shaft creating as much friction as possible. He was responding well!

He started mumbling unintelligible words, to which I reacted by just sucking a little more intensely. His hips began to gently rock in response to my talented mouth. His cock was at full staff now, and the wonderful feeling of his cock sliding in and out of my throat definitely encouraged me to continue. His shaft felt so hard now, swelling and twitching as I throated it and held it buried deep in my mouth. I love the feeling. There is nothing better in the whole world than a captive cock straining for release of some kind. Jake pulled his knees up towards my head and both his strong hands grabbed my hair and forcefully pressed my face up and down his throbbing cock.

"Gawd, Lisa!" he cried out as the first gush of cum gushed into my throat. I could feel his cock swelling, then contracting in my throat, followed by the warm flow of cum into my tummy. I had to breathe quickly as he jerked my head up, only to jam it back down his shaft, flush against his quivering groin. His big cock slowly began to deflate, as he'd obviously finished cumming. Exhausted, he collapsed back flat on the bunk bed and immediately began to snore again.

"Humph, men," I sighed as I sat back on my knees. I wiped the wetness from my face on Jake's bedding as I turned and crawled on my hands and knees to my own bed. As I slowly drifted off to sleep, my mind reflected on the busy day I'd had.

I wasn't sure what time it was when the knock came at the door. I only knew I wanted it to stop and go away. The sun was already bright outside, lighting up the entire room. I pulled the covers over my head as I heard the pounding on the door return. I could only think that Jake was a sound sleeper, or he was ignoring it, (the same way I had done) so he could get some more sleep. The squeaking of the door hinges told me someone was ignoring our silence and coming in nonetheless. I peeked out from under my covers to see Carlos, dressed in bright shorts and shirt. He looked like he was right off the boat from some tropical paradise.

"Hey, sleepyheads!" Carlos hollered. "It's time to rise and shine and greet the new day!" I smiled and waved from under my covers. My cheery roommate mumbled several nasty phrases, which had little to do with a bright and shiny day. "Come on Jake," Carlos continued. "The pool is calling us. Of course, if you aren't up for it, I'll bet Lisa won't mind going with me."

I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and crawled up to a seated position at the edge of the bed and stretched my arms out and up. As I completed my yawn, I noticed Carlos staring dreamily at me. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled at him. Licking my lips hungrily, visions of last night's fun in the showers filled my mind. "I have to pee, Carlos. Will you go with me, so I don't have any unwanted company walking in on me?"

"Sure, babe," Carlos answered. "Let me check to make sure the coast is clear, first." He disappeared out the door, briefly, and I looked over at my poor soldier boy fast asleep once more. Suddenly I realized that I was horny again! Carlos returned in a flash and held the door open as I let him escort me across the hall to the bathroom. I could feel his eyes on me. They were boring holes through the only piece of clothing I was wearing, Jake's undershirt. He closed the stall door as I entered, and announced that he'd be right there if I needed anything. Groaning quietly, I emptied my bladder. It felt wonderful!

"You have gorgeous legs, Lisa," I heard Carlos tell me. I smiled as I thought of him watching what he could see of me under the stall door. "I mean, the rest of you looks good too," he continued. He was obviously waiting for me to acknowledge him, but I thought I'd wait just a little longer before replying. Sure enough, he started talking again. "You know, Lisa, I really enjoyed what we did last night. I mean, I don't think you are a slut or anything. I just think you were fantastic, and I was sort of thinking that you and I might get together and you know…."

I finished what I was doing and unbolted the door and walked out. Facing Carlos, I tried to find the right words to say to him. I told him I understood, but that it was up to Jake because I was with him. I moved closer to him and had to get up on my tiptoes to kiss him tenderly on the lips. As I did, I felt his strong arms encompass me, his hard cock pressed against my tummy. I returned his passionate kiss, wrapping my arms around his neck.

His hands slid up the front of Jake's tee shirt, squeezing my breasts as he maneuvered me back into the stall. I broke the kiss long enough to try to protest, but as I did, he turned me around and pushed me face down until my backside was sticking up. The next thing I felt was the head of his cock rubbing back and forth between the lips of my cunt, just before he slammed forward filling me completely. I let out a whimper of protest that was short lived, as my body surrendered to its strong sexual needs.


I braced myself by hanging on to the toilet seat. Over and over he slammed his hard cock in and out of my pussy. He grunted and I groaned, until I felt him suddenly grab my hips and hold them flush to his cock. I felt each pulse of his cock until he finally began to soften and withdraw.

Breathing hard, Carlos sputtered, "I'm sorry Lisa. I couldn't help it. You look so fucking sexy with just that shirt on. I just had to fuck you again."

I felt all warm and satisfied. It was just the kind of fucking I needed, and he rose perfectly to the call. I sat back down on the toilet and motioned him to me with a curled finger. Hesitantly, he stepped forward, his limp wet cock dangling in front of me. I pulled him the rest of the way into the stall and lifted his spent cock to my mouth and sucked it all the way in. When I was convinced that I had licked and sucked all of our juices off it, I released it and kissed the shriveled head with my soft lips. I loved the look on his face, as I let go of his cock and wiped my face with a piece of toilet paper. "I think we'd better go get Jake up now." He was about to say something, but I put my finger to his lips and shushed him, "Shhhhh!"

Jake was sitting on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands. "Where the fuck have you two been?" he groaned. You could tell how much his head hurt just by the way the words came out of his mouth. I let the two of them talk as I turned my back to them and got dressed. By the time I had my hair pulled back into a ponytail, Jake had wolfed down some Alka-Seltzer and was starting to feel a little better. Carlos was trying to calm his friend by telling him he would feel much better lying out in the warm sun on a big soft chaise lounge.

While Jake showered and dressed, Carlos and I laughed and kidded around with each other. He told me how he hoped I had a very tiny bikini, and I told him if I did he'd better plan on having a very baggy pair of swimming trunks for himself. Finally, the three of us got into the Mustang and roared off to the pool.