 I found myself in the waiting room not sure of what I was doing there. I was waiting outside the office of my boyfriend's boss. My husband had been fired and I didn't much like the idea of living in near poverty. I was determined to get his job back for him. Remembering the way his boss peered down my top at the Christmas party, I was sure I was the one who could convince him. Feelings of determination and embarrasment clouded my mind as I considered my hair brained idea of giving the boss a blowjob to keep my husband's job. Before I knew it, I was escorted into the office by his secretary. 

He was seated behind his desk. His face did not show delight or displeasure at seeing me. Since I wasn't sure myself what I was doing I was at a loss for words. He provided them for me saying, "You must be here because of Steve's job. You must realize that it was a difficult decision as he has been with the company for so long. However, his work has just not been up to par and I really see no alternative. Please, have a seat. Would you like some coffee?" 

I decided to spring into action. I looked directly into his eyes as he waited for me to speak. I moved my hand up, brushing my breast and undid the top button of my blouse. I watched his eyes move to my hand and then up to my eyes again. Not shifting my gaze, I moved on to the next button. His eyes returned to my hand and remained there, waiting for me to undo the next button. I obliged and pulled my blouse to the side revealing my red lacy bra. My other hand undid the remaining buttons and I slipped my blouse off my shoulders. He sat back in his chair and I stood up, placed my hands on his desk and leaned forward giving him a clear view of my lace-clad breasts. "I think you should go lock the door" he said. I turned and walked slowly to the door. I turned the lock and undid my skirt. With my back to him, I pulled it down giving him an eyefull of my ass decked out in a matching red lace g-string. I turned and walked towards him, he had a bewildered expression on his face as I walked around to his side of the desk. 

Catching his eye once again I moved down to a kneeling position in front of him. I rubbed my hands up and down his thighs and he began to struggle with his belt. I smiled up at his face and undid his belt for him, moving on to his fly I was somewhat self-satisfied to feel the bulge underneath. Opening his pants I was pleasantly surprised to find a large semi-erect dick. I took it in my hand and stroked it up and down. He started to rub my arm and shoulders and I moved my head down to take the head of his dick in my mouth. I began swirling my tongue around it and his hand moved to the clasp at the back of my bra, snapping it open. As my bra fell down my arms I felt his hands immediately move to my breasts, cupping and kneading them. I slowly started to work on his dick, taking more in my mouth as I moved further down each time, sucking strongly as I moved up. I stroked his shaft as I slowly bobbed my head. I could feel him stiffen with enjoyment. Pulling my head away I moved my mouth to his balls and began to alternate between kissing them and gently sucking at them. I moved back to his dick and he moved a hand to my hair. As I sucked he grasped my hair at the back of my head and guided my mouth up and down. I felt on the verge of gagging and reached up to his hand to restrict his movement. He let go and I took my mouth from his dick, looking up at him. 

He reached down for my arms, pulling me up with him until we were both standing. He started to push me back towards his desk. My mind started racing as this was not part of my plan. I was planning on giving him a blowjob but nothing more. His hand moved to my panties and I was only then aware of how wet they were. I was almost embarrassed as I realized how turned on I was. He pushed me up so I was sitting on his desk and pulled my panties to the side exposing my pussy. He gazed at my pussy as he moved the head of his dick toward it. When I felt it touch me I felt a shiver up my spine and immediately knew I was going to give in. I wanted this as much as I could tell he did. I laid back on his desk allowing him to do what he wanted. He slid his dick up and down my slit, the teasing was almost more than I could bear as all I could think of was having his throbbing dick inside me. He pulled my panties off and I closed my eyes. I blushed with embarrassment as I mentally pictured my naked body sprawled across his desk. 

Then he pressed his dick to my pussy, the pressure began to part my lips and the head slipped inside. My eyes flew open and I looked into his. He stared into my eyes as he slowly pulled the head out and pushed it in. His hands moved to my breasts and he stroked them and pinched my nipples. I let out a small groan and that was all the encouragement he needed to thrust his dick all the way in. He grasped my hips and began rhythmically thrusting. I gripped his arms and moved my hips to meet his. All I could hear was the sound of his balls slapping against my ass cheeks. We fucked for a few minutes before he moved his thumb to my clit. He began to massage it while he fucked me and it didn't take long before I was having an orgasm. 

As I recovered, he pulled me up and turned me around. I bent forward with my elbows resting on the desk. He slipped back inside me and fucked me harder. Between moans I commanded him to keep fucking me as I wanted another orgasm. He began to stiffen behind me and I asked him where he wanted to come. He laughed and replied that "If I'm going to have to give Steve his job back I want to be able to remember cumming inside you next time he pisses me off". That said and a few thrusts later I felt him shoot off deep inside me. 

Later that night as Steve came inside me, groaning, after our celebration for him getting his job back I wondered if he really appreciated my pussy for all it had given him.