 Dawn has been waiting to show off her talents to the Executive Team. She finally gets her chance and cums through like a champ! Normal disclaimer, all character are over the age of 18. No duplication of this story without the expressed written consent of the author. Copyrighted 2016.

Corporate Presentation

...for Baby Girl

=============

Just another day...well sort of. Dawn was anxious about her 1 o'clock meeting but nervous that something will go wrong, that something will happen and ruin the entire meeting. She had been working hard to prepare, mentally laying out exactly how she would proceed. She was really wanting to impress Bob and Mike, two of the company's senior leaders who she really admired. 

They had a good relationship and all of them skirted on the lines of "inappropriate workplace behavior" especially for senior leaders! But it was all in good fun she thought to herself and secretly, deep down inside it made her feel good how they complimented her all the time. Not that her marriage was all that bad. But as marriages typically go over time, it had become...well, boring! There was no spark in the relationship anymore. When they did make love, which wasn't all that often anymore, it was more like mutual physical satisfaction, mostly. To be honest, it was more him climbing on top of her and climaxing within a few minutes and leaving her frustrated.

More often than not, her husband would make love to her in their typical missionary position and cum long before she was even getting warmed up. Many times, she either went to sleep unsatisfied, or relied on Bob (Battery Operated Boyfriend for those that don't get that) to finish what her husband started and left unfinished. Oh how she longed for those days when it was raw, passionate and hot. She missed those days of just good old fashioned fucking! 

She returned her focus to her presentation. Today was the day. Today Dawn had her opportunity to really impress them with her oral and visual presentation. She had repeatedly gone over her delivery in her head countless times before. The irony of it is that she had almost turned their request down two weeks ago when they set the meeting up, not sure if she could go through with it. However, today was the day. It was time to show them just how skilled she was. Time to take a chance!

Dawn approached the conference room door, the electronic sign already marked "BUSY, 1PM to 3PM. STRATEGIC PLANNING, DO NOT DISTURB." Taking a deep breath and telling herself "You got this Dawn", she opened the door and confidently walked in. To her surprise, Bob and Mike were already sitting at the table engrossed in conversation. That is until she walked in. All conversation stopped abruptly as they looked up at her, mouths partially open as if to say something but unable to communicate as they were totally captured by her presence. She was dressed to impress as they say. A pretty white satin button up blouse with a black skirt, stockings and matching black stiletto heals. I believe the term is Professionally Sexy to some.

She felt the butterflies in her stomach knowing that they were staring at her. She was suddenly nervous as she had wanted to get to the room first to have enough time to prepare herself, both mentally and physically for what she was about to do. Oh well, too late for that now she thought inwardly.

With her chin held high and her shoulders back, she saunter towards the conference table opposite of them with the confidence of a pro. Her tight blouse reveling the womanly curve of her well rounded chest, her nipples giving away her excitement as they stuck out prominently through her thin lace bra. When she reaches the table she leans over putting her hands firmly on the table, bending only at the waist. Eyeing both of the executives like a lioness staring down its prey, she confidently states "Good afternoon gentlemen, thank you for taking time out of your busy day to join me today. Shall we get started?"

Sitting at the other end of the conference table, the two senior leaders look at each other before smiling and looking back at the seductive site before them. "Absolutely, we're anxious to see what you have!" Bob says with a slight smirk on his face. Mike quickly adds "We're up for it if you are! The room is reserved for the next two hours and the receptionist has been instructed to not let anyone disturb us, the floor is your's."

Nervously Dawn raises back up and hesitates for a moment in one of those "Are you sure you can do this" mental checks before shaking it off, confident in her choice. She clears her throat and begins. "Gentlemen, I have been working on this presentation for some time now." Moving around to the table, she continues "I feel that you will see that my figures are well supported in this presentation and you should be pleased with the outcome." 

With that, she reaches up and starts to unbutton her blouse slowly as she walks seductively towards them, making sure to keep eye contact to ensure she has their undivided attention. With each button, their attention becomes more focused as they can't take their eyes off her. Reaching the last button, the blouse begins to slide down her lithe form only to stop just off her shoulders. Holding it there and eyeing them, she teases them by asking "Are you sure you're UP for this?" putting emphasis on the word "UP." A seductive grin comes over her face as she begins to move closer to their end of the table, letting the blouse softly fall to the floor. 

Their eyes now glued to her beautiful form as she stands between them. Running her hand under their chins and pulling them up to look at her, she smiles and says "Gentlemen, you should be ashamed, my eyes are up here!" With a sly grin, she releases their chins and continues "I appreciate you taking the time today and I am confident that you will be pleased with the presentation in front of you!" She then bends sexily, running her fingers down their chest and over the bulges in their pants where their now erect cocks are visibly straining for release. "It appears you like what you see so far. Let's continue, shall we?"

With that, Dawn stands and turns so that her backside is now facing them. Ever so slowly, she reaches behind her to begin the agonizing decent of the zipper on her skirt. The only sounds in the room were the teasing sound of the zipper and the simultaneous groan from Bob & Mike as her skirt slowly descended to reveal the thigh high stockings, garter and her perfectly bare ass. Simultaneously the men reach up and caress her ass sending chills of excitement through her core. Throwing her head back momentarily, she salvors the feeling of their hands groping her body. 

Lost in lust for a moment, she quickly recovers and slaps their hands away. "Now boys, is that any way to treat a lady?" She says with a seductive grin. Bending at the waist, she reaches down to straighten her stockings pushing her hips out invitingly. Her body like crack to a junkie, Bob & Mike couldn't resist reaching up to touch her body more. 

Dawn rested her hands over theirs following their motion across her excited skin, enjoying the feeling of their touch. As they slide over her ass and between her legs it ignited the fire deep within her core raising goosebumps all over her skin. The combination of where she was and who she was with, coupled with the feeling of their touch causing her pussy juice to began flowing heavily down her thighs.

Turning Dawn kneels between the two colleagues, first freeing one cock, then the other. She begins to massage their stiffness as they each lean back and moan. Impressed at the amount of pre-cum that bubbles up from both of their cocks, she spends time giving each a tongue bath being sure to capture all of their tangy excitement. Again she looks at each of them and asks "My, my, you two gentlemen seem so ...stiff. Has it been a rough day?" Both men groan at the double meaning to which Dawn smirks before returning her attention to the tasks in hand.

Bob reaches up to release the clasp holding her breasts while Mike reaches under to pinch and roll her nipples in his fingers. Dawn leans back on Mike allowing him to better massage her breasts, moaning loudly before sliding from his lap and again kneeling between them both. With her nipples on fire now, she again takes a cock in each hand and begins to slowly pump their cocks. She coaxes more pre-cum from their engorged glans then uses her thumb to rub it over the sensitive head. The sensation again causing them to groan their appreciation.

Overcome with the heat of the moment she leans over anxious to suck Bob's cock into her throat. As he feels her hot breath on his glans, she looks directly into his eyes and lowers her mouth to tease the tip of his cock with her tongue. Bob grabs a handful of her hair, guiding her mouth to his cock. Taking the hint, she takes nearly his entire length deep into the back of her throat. She moans as his cock slides in and out, sending a flurry of vibrations over his cock releasing another flood of pre-cum driving her crazy.

Not to leave Mike out, she raises up and takes his cock in your hand. Looking at him wickedly she pouts and says "poor baby, feeling neglected?" Before engulfing his cock with enthusiasm. Being smaller than Bob, she was easily able to take his full length, only stopping once her nose reached his groin. Using her tongue, she snaked it out to tickle his balls while keeping him buried deep in her throat driving him crazy with lust.

After several minutes of playing "bob the cock" with the two senior executives, Dawn stands and spreads her legs and seductively bends in front of Bob so that her ass is at mouth level. Leaning forward, she grabs the back of Mike's head and pulls him in to a deep kiss. Breaking the kiss, she looks back over her shoulder at Bob. Reaching between her legs and sliding a finger through her soaking wet pussy lips she asks "Bob, can you review this area of the presentation please, and pay particular attention to these lines right here..." Sliding her finger deep inside her soaked pussy."... and tell me what you think?" Winking at him and quickly returning to Mike's cock. 

Wasting no time, Bob runs his hands over her perfect ass and then slides them down to play with her slit, spreading the copious amounts of her juices over her clit and puckered little ass. She hears a groan behind her before being overcome with the feeling of his hand spreading your ass and his tongue sliding deep inside her. Pushing back against his tongue, Dawn reaches between her legs with her right hand and spreads her pussy allowing his tongue to dive deeper. 

Mike, while enjoying the raw scene playing out in front of him, was growing impatient. Reaching up and grabbing a handful of Dawn's hair, he guides her mouth to his engorged cock. Grabbing the base of his cock in her other hand, she begins a seductive combination of sucking and licking that drives Mike crazy. "Oh yeah, suck that cock. Take it all." He groans as he tightens his grip on her hair and pushes her head down forcefully, his cock sinking into her throat. 

This is exactly what she had missed. The lust. The heat of passion. Now she was getting it two-fold. The raw dominance of Mike forcing her down on his cock and the feeling of Bob's skilled ministrations causing her body to tingle with excitement and her pussy to spasm as she felt desired and alive again.

Meanwhile, Bob continued his oral attack devouring her succulent pussy and tight little ass. Confident that she is wet enough, he dives his tongue in deep into her ass while sliding his fingers deep into her pussy. Reaching back and grabbing the hair on the back of Bob's head, Dawn pulls his head forcefully into her womanhood, trying to get more of the wonderful feeling. 

Bob pulls himself away from the delicious buffet in front of him and stands. "Impressive presentation Dawn, but I believe you need a few more HARD facts inserted into this section right here" as he grabs her hips firmly, sinking his huge stiff cock balls deep into her dripping pussy in one solid thrust. 

This results in a deep guttural moan from Dawn while deep throating Mike's cock. In turn, this sends a euphoric vibration from her throat directly to Mike's cock making him shove it deeper and also groan out in pleasure.

Dawn raises and while stroking Mike's saliva covered cock, looks over her shoulder and with a sly grin states "I would have to agree Bob, that does give the presentation a whole new feel. However, I believe that I'd like another opinion!" With that she turns and pushes her ass in front of Mike, Bob's wet cock popping free with an audible POP. 

Turning to face Bob, she looks over her shoulder at Mike and with a sultry voice says "I'd like your input on this Mike." With a sly grin, she turns back to Bob, grasping his slick cock and pumps it a few times before taking it in her mouth and sucking hard. She lifts her mouth off his cock and with one finger, scoops up their combined fluids that had run down her chin from her sloppy cock sucking. Looking directly into Bob's eyes she seductively sucks her finger deep into her mouth like a small cock. Savoring the taste of their combined fluids, she sucks her finger clean allowing a soft moan to escape her lips as she pulls her finger out. 

Mike wastes no time and guides his stiff cock into the hot furnace of her cunt, burying himself in one solid push which pushes Dawn forward to take more of Bob's cock in her throat. This causes a simultaneous groan from all three as they all worked in unison in mutual physical gratification.

Dawn is quickly overtaken by the hedonistic situation and her pussy spasms in a powerful orgasm, her body going stiff and her legs shaking violently as she rides the waves of pleasure. Seeing this erotic scene, Bob and Mike are frozen as this incredibly sexy woman spasms in orgasmic pleasure in front of them. Dawn attempts to recover, her legs ready to give out. She steadies herself, turns to Mike and breathlessly says "Thank you for your input Mike, I do believe that was helpful!"

Grabbing the front of his shirt forcefully, she guides him to the table. "Why don't you climb up here big boy" she instructs. Mike, already on the verge of cuming from what just happened, is eager to see where this is going and quickly climbs up on the table and lays back with his legs hanging off the end. Stepping between his legs, she spreads her own legs invitingly wide and seductively wiggles her ass in Bob's direction. Grabbing Mike's cock and slowly stroking it, she coaxing a large amount pre-cum out by using her thumb and pushing up from the base to his sensitive cock head. 

She then scoops up the slippery fluid and looks over her shoulder back towards Bob. While starring directly into his lustful eyes, she smears Mike's pre-cum all over her pucker little ass. Seeing his gaze, she bites her lower lip and slides a finger in and moans. "I believe that would feel better!" Eyeing his cock standing proudly out like a jousting rod, she licks her lips seductively as she pumps her finger into her ass a few more time. Bob's stare said it all and once her words registered with his numb brain, his cock jumped violently and a thick stream of pre-cum ran out falling to the floor. "Fuuuck Meeee" he groaned. 

Turning back around, she grabs the base of Mike's cock and holds it high. She leans down and sucks one of his balls into her mouth, rolling it gently around with her tongue while slowly using a twisting and stroking motion on his rigid shaft.

Bob, his head clearing from his moment of lustful daze, and he quickly moves up behind her sweet ass. Kneeling down, he grabs her ass cheeks and spreads them wide. Seeing the now sloppy wet love flower in front of him, he uses his tongue to tease her clit while sliding one finger into her red puffy pussy and the other into her puckered inviting ass. Working his finger in and out, he takes her clit into his mouth, sucking hard before biting down lightly sending an electric bolt through her body and making her squeal around Mike's appreciative cock. 

Dawn raises up at the pleasure of Bob's talented mouth and groans loudly all the while continuing to pump on Mike's manhood. Lowering her head back down, she goes back to licking Mike's shaft and teasing the sensitive underside of his glans. 

Meanwhile Bob licks his way up to her well lubed ass, teasing it by lightly licking in little circles around her pucker little sphincter before pushing his tongue in deep. Not satisfied that she is lubed enough, he begins rubbing her love nectar from her pussy up to her ass for extra measure. Lining up, he slowly sinks his head into her tight ass, feeling his glans slide past the tight ring of her sphincter muscle.

Pausing to allow her time to adjust to the invasion, he slowly begins to fuck her waiting ass. Wanting to maximize the feeling, he slowly moves in a couple of inches before pulling out a little. He repeats this motion slowly increasing the depth with each push of his cock. He can feel the fire building in his balls and knows he's close to exploding. With every ounce of remaining energy he has, he resists the urge to blow a load deep in her ass. 

Mike, lost in the incredible feeling of his cock in Dawn's furnace-like mouth, is about to cum himself. Grabbing a handful of her hair again, he begins to eagerly fuck her mouth. Feeling the impending launch of his cum, he raises his feet to the table to provide a foundation to thrust harder. His hips a blur as they bounce off the table with each thrust while pulling her head down in an effort to fuck her throat. Dawn takes advantage of the new position and scoops some of the saliva covering his cock and lowers her fingers down to his ass. She then takes her wet fingers and slowly slides one into his ass to finger his prostate. 

This new sensation has an immediate effect and Mike who releases a deep grown and fills Dawn's mouth with the first of several powerful jets of hot cum. Dawn continues to rub his prostate coaxing more of his man-juice, but she's unable to swallow fast enough and some escapes and runs down her chin. She pumps his cock as she moves her mouth to the tip of his cock in an effort to contain the massive eruption, sucking and swallowing for all she's worth. 

Bob, seeing this is overtaken by desire. Grabbing her hips forcefully with both hands, he begins to pound her ass like a jackhammer breaking up a sidewalk. His hips a blur now as the blissful feeling of his sperm rushing to find a new warm wet home overtakes him. He bottoms out deep in her ass, holding her tight as he erupts the contents of his balls deep into her bowls with the growl of a lion in heat. 

Dawn, total overtaken by the events thus far, feels the last of Mike's cum hit her throat just as Bob's hot jets hit her well fucked ass. This pushes her over the edge, her body going rigid for the second time that afternoon. Seeing nothing but Sparks, she floats above the room in pure unadulterated orgasmic bliss, only faintly aware that her legs are violently shaking as she rockets through her second orgasm. 

The room goes silent except for the panting of three exhausted coworkers trying to regain their breath. 

Mike, was still laying on his back on the conference table, his flaccid cock resting on his stomach with a small poll of cum that leaked out after Dawn began her orgasm. Bob, barely able to stand at this point, falls back to the chair behind him with a plop. A loud sucking sound escaping as his cock vacates Dawn's well fucked ass. Dawn, nearly falling as Bob pulled back, now rests her head on Mike's crotch panting heavily and trying to regain her senses. 

As Bob stares at Dawn's sexy figure in front of him, he watches his cum begin its slow journey out her gapping ass down over her puffy pussy lips to finally fall to the floor in big globs. His exhausted cock twitching at the sight. 
