 The interview gave me exactly what I wanted. I was propelled from being a rookie to a serious full timer in just a few weeks. In the daily editorial meetings I was no longer assigned random tasks but was now being handed the better assignments than before. 

Since I had started working, I was almost like an intern, attending to one senior journalist daily. I would tag along with them and observe how they worked and did the mundane and random work like proof reading their articles and other stuff. Even though I had learned a lot but my ambition prevented me from taking baby steps.

People perhaps knew that I got the interview because I was connected to Uday but I didn't care. I had the interview and no one else. The editor ordered the interview to be printed on the first page and it just exploded from there on.

The interview was a new political attack on the ruling party. It was a new political strategy that Uday's party had adopted to corner the already wafer thin alliance of the ruling government. 

The interview went viral and it was read and mentioned everywhere. The rival news papers also cashed in on the interview further probing the new strategy adopted by Uday's party. Uday was suddenly on a lot of news shows and debates. 

I knew the interview was going to create waves rather than ripples when I was actually recording Uday speaking but at the time my attention was on something else. I was more attentive towards Uday's physical ques and him in person. In a way I was absentmindedly asking the pre fabricated questions and recording his pre meditated answers.

Even as I was basking in the glory of the fame I was receiving, the most distinct memory of that day was not the interview but the few minutes we spent in each other's arms as our mouths explored each other. 

I could still feel the tingle in my body as I recalled his hand moving over my shoulder, my neck, my cheek and his other arm gently wrapping itself around me. I could still smell the fragrance of his aftershave and his cologne and would send goosebumps in body. I felt so safe, so wonderful, so small in his arms that I cooed and squirmed just thinking about it.

I spent that night and subsequent nights in my bed alone, naked, fingering my wet cunt and toying with my engorged clit. Squeezing my swollen tit hard and moaning to the point of screaming, the images of the evening flashed rapidly in front of my closed eyes like a movie. At first one finger..then two and finally 3 of my slender fingers stuffed my wet, throbbing pussy.

With my eyes closed I not just recalled the kiss but also the fantasised what could be. I imagined both of us naked on the table of that room; a naked me and a naked him going at each other like it was the last day of our lives. I imagined him taking me in the most perverse yet arousing ways orgamsed my way to sleep.

What turned me on even more was that we shared that moment in a quite corner of his house which was full of armed guards, his personal staff and most of all his wife. Now, I am no man snatcher but the idea of conquering new territory did in a very nasty way turn me on a lot.

I was ecstatic on one hand but my father's warning the other day flashed in my mind too. I was conflicted; Uday's image in public was very good. He was known as a family man, a role model for the country. I too did not have any bad experiences with him. He gave me a job and my first serious break. 

I had kissed him and made out with him but I was partly responsible for it. He might have started it but I led him on clearly with some obvious flirting. 

A part of me was worried about the path I was walking down but another part of me, the dominant part pushed me ahead down the same path.I resigned to fate and decided to cross the bridge when and if it comes.

Even though I was now getting busier with work but a part of me always craved Uday's company; not just because I could steal some kinky moments with him but also every meeting with Uday propelled my career forward. 

I would find myself looking at my phone waiting for his or his secretary's call or a message and I waited for patiently and I got the call one day.

"Hi Mira." Uday said over the other end of the phone. This was the first time he had directly called me. 

All the previous times his secretary but this time Uday himself had called me and I realised that he too was into this deep.

"Hi Uday...you've been quite busy with the sessions in the Parliament." I replied, very happy to have heard his voice in weeks.

"Yes...work demands that but you've been on my mind a lot." He replied, finding the right words to charm a young girl

"Really...Awww...so when are we going to meet." I asked him, eager to know if he would be free.

"Tonight. My secretary will call you but you have to do what she tells you to and ask no questions." He said stating the conditions for the meeting.

"What do you mean? What will she make me do?" I asked. I was puzzled at the peculiar kind of request.

"Don't worry. She is going to be there to help you prepare for tonight." He replied reassuringly.

"Prepare for what?" I asked.

"Wait for tonight and you'll know. I have to go now and you wait for Naina's call." He replied before disconnecting the call.

I was quite puzzled at what he had said. What did he intend to do with me tonight? He did not give any details besides mentioning an event tonight. I recalled our last meeting in a flash and I only recalled the kiss and nothing else.

Being a Saturday I was going to go home early and perhaps Uday knew about it. The whole day I kept thinking of what was going to happen in the evening. The mystery, the suspense turned me on as I started visualising all the perverse possibilities.

Just as he had said, his secretary Naina called me in the afternoon. She said a package would be delivered to me in an hour. She instructed me not to open the package in public but only in privacy. 

That one line itself made me leak a little. The suspense grew even more as I kept running the permutations and combinations about what the package could contain and what could happen in the evening. 

Just as she had said, I received a package at the reception of my office. I quickly collected it and went back to my desk. I was so tempted to open it then and there but I was reminded of Naina's clear instructions of not opening it in public.

I spent the remaining hours at work like a zombie. I was physically present but mentally, I was in wonderland. Very grudgingly I finished my work for the day and rushed back home. I rushed up the stairs and very hurriedly opened the door. 

I rushed inside my apartment and I threw my bag on the couch and almost ran to the bedroom. As soon I was in the bedroom, I took out the package from the plastic bag that held it. It was a nicely gift wrapped box and was quite large in size. 

I turned it around a couple of times before I noticed a small paper tag on it. On the paper tag was a personal message by Uday which read. 'I hope you like it.'

That message enticed me further and I literally tore open the wrapping and the box to find a black dress and a pair of black stiletto heel shoes. There was another small packet inside and when I opened it was I surprised and massively turned on. 

It was a pair of black thongs of the really expenses sorts. I was surprised at his brazenness but he kind of read my mind. I always pictured myself wearing a fancy set of lingerie if I was wearing the kind of clothes he chose for me.

I picked out the dress and held it in front of me, letting it unravel as it flowed down. It was a beautiful black evening gown. I quickly stood in front of the mirror and held dress against my body, gauging and judging how it would look on me. 

I had never worn an evening gown; on all previous formal occasions I had worn saris or other traditional Indian wear and now I felt a tad bit uncomfortable but a great deal of delight that I was going to try something new.

I quickly closed the windows and drew the curtains. Standing in front of the mirror I spun around, checking myself out before even I wore the new dress that I had been gifted. I grabbed the hemline of my T shirt with my arms crossed before pulling it over my head. With a gentle tug, my shirt popped over my head and I threw it next to the dress on the bed. 

My hair was dishelved by the shirt and I quickly ran my hands through it to set it. I was always proud of my hair which were naturally straight and I had girls always asking me if the auburn colour of my hair was natural.

I cupped my C cup bra clasped breasts and weighed them a little and smile proudly knowing how god had been generous to me. I am thin girl, not skinny but thin and my disproportionately large breasts always stood out irrespective of what I wore. 

I was almost immune to men staring at my chest and I had noticed that even women stared at my chest sometimes, perhaps enticed or jealous of the pair of jugs I possessed. 

My trim shoulders gave way to a pair of slender arms and small and delicate pair of hands which had been perfectly manicured. I was always complemented on how soft my hands felt and how I had baby hands. 

At times I felt irritated but on the right times, I felt elated when people commented on my hands. My shoulders gave way to a enticingly beautiful pair of collar bones which protruded just a little. My collar bones had been a centre of attraction as my previous lovers always kissed and sucked on them before kissing their way down to my boobs.

I brought right hand behind my back and snapped the bra hook open. I slid the bra straps off my shoulders and pulled the garment off my chest and it too joined my T shirt on the bed. I unbuttoned the jeans and pulled down the zipper before digging my fingers and pulling down my jeans and the panty in one swift downward tug.

I ran my hand through my clean shaven mound and I noticed a faint wetness. I had been generally aroused for quite a few days but since I had received Uday's call I was feeling a constant tingling in my pussy. 

I smiled naughtily as to how I was wet down there. As my hand brushed my exposed clit, I shivered and at that moment I thought of just jamming my finger inside my pussy and relieve myself but I remember that I had undressed to try the dress and not masturbate.

I picked up the dress and checked it again before I wore it over my body. The dress had built in cups for the breasts which just propped and pushed up my already large boobs. The strapless dress exposed my elegant shoulders and my ample cleavage which would make eyes pop.

I checked myself out in the mirror and kept admiring the dress and myself for several minutes. I felt like I was preparing for the high school prom all over again. I wore the stilettos which fit me perfectly. The four inch heels not only made me look taller but it made my ass look spectacular.

I could now feel my pussy getting wetter to the point of leaking. I immediately took of the shoes and the dress and collapsed on the bed. I was completely naked on the bed as I closed my eyes and let my fingers slowly caress my pussy. I sighed as I caressed my clit and the labia. Instinctively, my other hand gently cupped my left breast.

"Aaahh..." I moaned as my finger slid inside my pussy and slowly went further till it went all the way. I pinched my nipple gently as my finger now started moving in an out of my pussy and my thumb flicked my clit. 

With each stroke, my moaning got louder and louder to the point that I was screaming. Just imagining stuff with Uday made me so horny, I wondered what would I do if it really happened.

As the orgasm subsided I wiped my sweating body and my went cunt and then went for a shower. The anticipation for the evening was building up and I could feel that weird feeling you get in the gut when you know something is about to happen.

--

I got out of the car right in front of the hotel lobby. Uday had sent a car for me and I didn't have to do anything else. The driver knew where to take me but didn't tell me when I asked him. 

It was revealed when I reached the hotel. It was the newest, swankiest five star hotel in town. The property was managed by an International chain of hotels with collaboration with a local construction magnate. 

Ever since it was built a year ago, this hotel was the toast of the town. The most happening events and the parties took place right here and the city's who's who would mingle around with each other on many occasions.

As I entered the lobby, I saw Naina. She greeted me with a warm smile before escorting me to the elevator. She was wearing a sky blue evening gown which stuck to the contours of her plus sized figured body. 

Now I had seen Naina before and by plus size I don't mean fat but she was deliciously plum. I had heard from many men that they loved their women a little thick and Naina was an embodiment of that woman. Like the last time, I quietly followed her, but I couldn't miss her swaying hips and that inviting butt. Her hair this time was let loose and flowed down the to the middle of her back which added to her allure and beauty.

"What is the occasion?" I asked her as soon as we got into the elevator.

"It is a just a party." She replied, divulging no further details. I simply kept quite stood in the elevator which kept moving up floor after floor. 

With a loud ping the elevator door opened. We both stepped out and I realised this was a penthouse floor. The typical corridors of the hotel were no where to be seen; but a large door to the end of the lounge. 

There were a few beautiful paintings on the walls outside the elevator. A beautiful wooden table with with a white china vase stood near the door. 

There were two large men in suits in front of the door standing guard; their eyes covered with sun glasses and small ear pieces plugged into their ears. I could make out the contours of their gun holsters from over their suits and I knew this was no ordinary party.

Naina escorted me to the door and the men opened the door without uttering a word. As I entered the room, I was greeted by Uday. He was dressed in a black tuxedo and a bow tie which made him look so fucking hot. It reminded me of Arnold Schwarzenegger from the opening scene of his movie True Lies.

"Good evening Mira." He said as he gently held my hand and kissed it. I blushed a little and was bowled over by his charm and suave. All the men that I had known and was involved with, no one ever was so delicate and gentlemanly with me and this was the first for me.

"I am dressed in an evening gown, you are dressed in a tuxedo; What is this all about." I enquired. I hoped at least now I'd be told.

"This is just a party of my group." He said as he held my hand and started walking inside the room. I quietly followed and Naina followed me as we walked through the lobby into the main portion of the penthouse. 

The place was huge and absolutely beautiful. The walls were draped with beautiful cream coloured wall paper with beige coloured curtains covering the windows. There were several pieces of Victorian furniture arranged around the room and a giant crystal chandelier covered the white ceiling. 

The chandelier shone its light in the entire room, illuminating it and making it look more graceful and beautiful. I saw a few people standing in the room which would be the size of a small banquet. Holding glasses of drinks, some champagne, others wine and scotch, they were dressed as formally and elegantly as we were.

As we walked towards them, they noticed us and turned to face us. I noticed all eyes were on me and I didn't fail to notice that they were looking at me and Uday holding hands.

"Ladies and Gentleman, meet our new friend, Mira Chauhan." Uday said as he gently pulled me forward to face everyone. The people smiled at me and raised their glasses as an acknowledgement. I felt a bit awkward but I didn't let it show on my face and smiled as graciously as I could.

Uday walked me over to them and a round of introductions started. As I was introduced to the group I realised that the most prominent personalities of not just the city but the entire nation were there. 

I was first introduced to the film star couple Naved and Riya, who were considered the royalty of the film industry, then a few industrialist who featured regularly in the Forbes list of richest people, then there were media honchos but the most surprising person that I met in the group was Rajveer Singh, a regional political scion who's party was a part of the current coalition government.

"Don't be surprised. There are no permanent friends or enemies in politics." Uday whispered into my ears as he noticed my surprise. I knew something was brewing but chose not to speak about it. 

As I mingled with the group, my awkwardness receded and I felt comfortable. Being Uday's plus one, the elite group also warmed up to me.

I could notice all the men check me out at every opportunity they got, shaking hands with me longer than required and their eyes wandering away from my face and onto my body, especially my cleavage. 

I realised that irrespective of what your position in society was, every man is a horny, hungry wolf in disguise. But I didn't mind the attention I was getting, whether it was the verbal or the optical attention, I knew I had broken into the most powerful lobby in the country.

I spent a little more time with Naved & Riya and I was like a smitten fan in their presence. I blushed visibly as Naved spoke to me and I noticed how he was showering me with praises and how he too was in turn smitten by me. I could just feel it. But the most surprising fact was that Riya was equally praising me and I noticed those praises weren't the innocent ones. That sent a shiver up my spine.

The drinks flowed and the party soon wandered away from its formal nature to a more casual one. The music started playing and the group slowly started grooving to the rhythm and the beat. The men first started dancing and the women followed and soon, the room turned into a dance floor. 

The booze kept flowing and the music kept getting louder as each and everyone of us shook a leg on the dance floor. The music was typical Punjabi dance music which made the tipsier men and women dance harder. 

The champagne and the scotch gave way to Vodka and Tequila and the party just got wilder from there on. I was having a blast, partying in the presence of the richest and the most powerful men and women in the country. I let my hair down and enjoyed myself.

Suddenly the lights went off and the beat got louder. The DJ console was the only thing lighting the room, turning the room into a dance floor. 

High on booze and spirit, we were all dancing, slowly drawing closer and closer as the make shift dance floor got smaller and smaller; the oldie industrialists too were shaking a leg.

As I was dancing, I felt a hand graze my butt. I didn't notice it at first but then it grazed again. I turned around to see Uday standing right behind me. He had taken off his jacket and his tie and was now in just his shirt. I smiled at him, realising that it was he who was feeling me up. 

Encouraged, he pulled me closer and we started dancing to the beat. He wrapped his hands around my waist and pulled me closer. I felt his hands slide down and I yelped as he squeezed my butt. My yelp was drowned in the loud music and I was sure no one noticed it. 

I felt his large hand caress my butt a little before he slapped it, right in front of his guests. I yelped again and almost jumped into his arms. He grabbed me and turned me around and stood closer as we danced. I could noticeably feel his erection poking my butt and I didn't provide any respite as I started grinding my ass against his erection. 

