 Colette's breath caught and her body stilled, a flush blooming in her cheeks and working its way down the rest of her body. Oh God, she thought, had he seen the everything? She slowly moved her right arm to cover her breasts, the other reaching for the corner of the bedspread. Wyatt quickly moved into the room and closed the door behind him, leaning against it. He, too, was embarrassed for being caught, but his cock had other ideas. It was begging for release, and it wanted it to be in the beautifully naked woman lying six feet away from him. 

"I-I, um, don't know what to say," Colette stammered out, her body tired from her previous administrations but reawakening as she watched Wyatt stare at her lush body. How is it possible, she thought, as her body began to tingle and ripen under his gaze. 

Wyatt nearly moaned as he watched her legs begin to move restlessly and her nipples tighten. He cautiously moved closer to her, his cock growing harder and his balls heavier with each step. 

Colette's breathing quickened, watching him advancing to her bed, making no more moves to cover herself. 

"I have a problem, Colette," Wyatt said, his voice soft and husky. "A problem that only you can help with," 

Colette shifted, sitting upright on the pile of pillows, unintentionally giving Wyatt a better view of her body. Wyatt moved to sit at the end of the bed, closing his eyes as he inhaled her fragrance. He took in her beautiful breasts, heavy and full with beautiful cherry coloured nipples popping out and ready to be plucked, trim waist that flowed into wide hips, and the beautiful sight of a virgin cunt, still swollen and glistening from Colette's pleasure session. Unable to restrain himself any more, he opened his trousers to allow his cock to breathe. Colette's sharp intake of breath made him smile.

"Haven't you ever seen one this close before, Colette?" he asked, running his hand slowly up and down its length. Colette shook her head, entranced. Wyatt gave himself another couple strokes and then moved to sit beside Colette at the head of the bed. He turned his head to stare into Colette's eyes, trying to judge how nervous she was over this situation. 

Colette was torn between the propriety that had been instilled in her at a young age and her growing curiosity at all things sexual. Keeping her eyes on his, she shifted a little to better face him. Placing her right hand on the mattress to lean on, she set her left hand on Wyatt's thigh. His eyes darkened and his nostrils flared, but neither of them moved. A scant heartbeat of time went by before she trailed her hand up his thigh to rest directly beside his cock. It was at full attention, aching for someone to touch it. And Wyatt hoped that Colette would be the one to do it. 

"Don't be afraid to touch it, Colette. I want you to," This was as close to pleading as Wyatt has ever come. His cock ached for the soft touch of her beautiful hands. 

Colette bit her lip in concentration, taking a deep breath as she moved her hand to trail her fingers up and down his cock. Wyatt's groan of appreciation made her slightly bolder, wrapping her hand around its thickness. 

"You'll have to tell me what to do, Wyatt," Colette said softly, staring directly into his eyes. "I've never done this before,"

"You're doing just fine, Colette. Just keep..." Wyatt groaned loudly, cutting his own speech off, as Colette gripped a little firmer and moved her hand up and down his cock slowly. He tipped his head back and closed his eyes, succumbing to the sensations coursing through his body. Colette's hand gripped even tighter and moved faster, feeling his cock grow harder and go shades darker. Wyatt's breathing quickened and he felt the beginnings of his orgasm course through his body. His hips began to pump upwards, thrusting his cock into her hand, feeling his balls tighten only moments before he started cumming. 

"Oh God, Colette," he moaned as he came, thick white ropes pulsing out of him. He reached over and grabbed a handful of her hair, crushing his mouth to hers as her hand moved quickly over him, waiting for the very last drop to spill out. He shuddered once, twice, then stilled. Colette's hand stopped stroking and she pulled away from him, her eyes wide. She had never been kissed before that passion-infused moment. Wyatt took her chin between his forefinger and thumb and held it there, staring into the endless green. A rapid knocking at the door startled them, Colette flying to grab her chemise and Wyatt ducked into the bathroom. 

Pushing her hair out of her eyes, she called "Come in" and sat at the edge of the bed. Mary entered, closing the door partially behind her. 

"Lord James would like me to tell you that the evening meal shall be in one hour, Lady Colette. Would you like assistance dressing?" Mary asked. Colette shook her head. 

"If you could please come back in half that, I shall bathe first," Colette said. Mary bobbed a curtsy and exited, closing the door behind her. Colette raced to the door, locking it and leaning against it with her eyes closed. Wyatt came out from the bathroom, his attire as impeccable as one would expect. 

"Thank God she didn't knock any earlier, hmm?" Wyatt said, sitting at the edge of the bed. Colette opened her eyes and smiled at him, crossing over to the chair her dress was draped over. Remembering what she had been doing earlier, she thought it best to bathe first. 

"If you wouldn't mind, Wyatt, I'm going to bathe before she comes back to help me dress for supper," she said, hoping that Wyatt would get the hint to leave. She was still a little churned up inside from what she had helped Wyatt do, and needed some time alone to sort it all out. Unfortunately, Wyatt didn't seem to pick up on her dismissing him. 

"I can help you with that, Colette, seeing as you dismissed your maid," Wyatt said, walking into the bathroom and turning on the water in the bath. Colette bit her lip, trying to figure out how to get him out of the room. She sighed, walking towards the bathroom as she knew that she would either have to ask him straight or put up with him attempting to help. She stepped through the doorway and stopped short, watching as Wyatt removed his shirt and trousers and stepped into the large tub, leaning back and draping his arms over the side. 

"I thought I was to take a bath," she said, crossing her arms over her breasts. Wyatt smiled at her over the steam. 

"And I said that I could help you with that," he replied, motioning for her to come in. "I'll scrub your back"

Colette raised an eyebrow, but realised that seeing as he had seen her do... that... earlier, it wasn't as if she should be ashamed. She reached lifted her foot to the edge of the tub to remove her stockings and caught Wyatt's look. Realizing that he was able to see right up her chemise, and that he was not tearing his gaze away, she decided to take it slow. Grasping the top of the stocking, she slowly rolled it down her leg allowing her fingertips to trail down her leg after the stocking. Wyatt's nostrils flared as she switched legs and did the same thing. His eyes trailed up her body as she slipped one strap down her shoulder, followed by the other one. Catching Colette's eyes, he watched her as she slipped the chemise down her body, sliding it over her hips. She stood before him, completely naked, pausing for the briefest of moments before climbing into the other side of the tub. 

The two of them sat at opposite ends of the tub, simply staring. Neither wanted to make the first move, but they both wanted whatever was going to happen to happen quickly. Wyatt's erection made itself known again, somewhat hidden under the water, at least until he slipped a hand beneath the surface to stroke himself. Colette tore her gaze away from his face to watch what he was doing. She couldn't believe that he was ready to go again so quickly. Watching him stroke his hardness caused her arousal to come back swiftly and painfully, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning. Wyatt had seen the change of emotions flickering through Colette's eyes, the hunger and lust pumping blood into his cock faster than he had ever experienced before. He stood up abruptly, water sloshing over the side of the tub as he stepped out and plucked Colette out of the tub. 

"I thought we were-" was all Colette got out before Wyatt crushed his lips to hers, his tongue thrusting inside her mouth to passionately duel with her own. She pressed herself tightly against him, barely remembering to breathe as she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips. 

Wyatt had full intentions of walking into the bedroom and laying her on the bed, but his cock ached and his balls were heavy. He needed to fuck her soon or he'd make a fool of himself again. It didn't help that she was writhing against him, her body still wet and slippery from the bath. He tore his mouth from hers and trailed it down her throat, holding her against the wall with his hips. He slipped one hand between them to find her slit, deliciously wet and gloriously hot. Colette let out a lusty sigh, closing her eyes and moving her hips against him. He slid one finger up to her clit, slowly circling and flicking in turn, thrusting another finger inside of her tight cunt rhythmically. 

"Oh... Mmm... That feels... so... " Colette's eyes were tightly closed, losing herself to the sensations. She ground against his hand faster, his finger dancing over her sensitive clit, and she felt herself sliding lightly over his extremely hard cock. Her eyes flew open as she felt it against her slit, and she couldn't help but moan. 

"Colette, I have to. I'm going to lose it," Wyatt panted, using all of his will-power not to ravish her completely. Colette nodded, and Wyatt pulled her away from the wall, laying her on a towel on the floor. Instinctively she spread her legs, leaning up on her elbows as she watched him kneel before her. 

"Oh fuck," Wyatt breathed, leaning down to suck on a delicious nipple. With one hand still manipulating Colette's clit, he used the other to guide himself into her cunt. Colette's back arched at the feeling of delicious fullness, and Wyatt groaned appreciatively at the hot wetness gripping him. Inch by inch he moved inside, not wanting to go too fast and have her change her mind, but she was already way ahead of him. Colette had never felt so incredibly sexual. She knew that Wyatt had yet to take her virginity, and her body was screaming for release. She lifted her hips and wrapped her legs about his waist, trying to urge him into her faster. Wyatt's body reacted immediately and thrust the rest of the way home, seating him deep inside of her. They both lay still, adjusting to the feeling. Colette moved first, grinding against him. 

"Shit," Wyatt said, rearing back as he held her hips. He pulled back, almost all the way out, and slid into her again. 

"Oh God," Colette moaned, her eyes closed and her arms spread out. Her breasts moved up and down with her labouring breaths. Wyatt repeated the motion again, thrusting a little harder as he went back in. Colette whimpered and arched her neck. That was all Wyatt's body needed as a go-ahead, as he took her hard and fast. His cock ached for release, and the pleasurable sound of flesh slapping against flesh filled the steamy bathroom. Colette felt the tell-tale butterflies in her stomach and her cunt began to flutter against his cock as he slammed against her. Colette's whimpers became lusty cries, and Wyatt moved a hand down to flick her clit. 

"FUCK," Colette screamed, her orgasm rolling through her harder than ever before. Her cunt was like a hot wet fist, gripping onto Wyatt's cock and he came as well, pumping everything he had into her. His hips slowed and he pushed himself to get it all out, his hands resting on the floor beside Colette's hips. 

Colette lay there, her breath still coming in pants and her legs still wrapped about Wyatt's waist, completely stunned. Never in her wildest dreams had she thought this was the end result. The complete satisfaction of being brought to orgasm by a man's cock was something that could never be described. Wyatt slipped out and sat back to look at her. Had a woman ever looked so beautiful as she right after mind-blowing sex? 

"We should probably wash up," Wyatt said softly, not wanting to ruin the afterglow but knowing that they only had a limited time before Mary came back to help Colette into her dress for supper. Colette waved a hand towards the tub, her eyes still closed and a sexy smile playing across her lips. 

"Start without me. I don't think I shall get off of this floor for at least another couple minutes," she said, laughing. Wyatt grinned and stood up, grasping onto Colette's outstretched hand and pulled her up into his arms. Kissing her once gently, and again a little harder, he lifted her into the tub. 

"You need this more than I do, luv. Your hair is a mess," he said. He walked over to where his clothes were piled, and began to dress.

"I'll take care of my bath in my rooms, just in case Mary decides to come in," he explained to her crestfallen expression. He leaned over to nip at her lips and leaned back just a hair.

"Tonight, my dear, I shall come to you again. And again and again, until neither of us can even think of moving. I am going to fuck you until the sun rises and we have to part," he whispered, watching the waves of lust roll into her beautiful eyes again. Kissing her once more, he let out a small shoulder bow and exited. 

Colette bathed quickly, scrubbing her hair and taking care to gently clean herself. She was a little sore from her virginity barrier being broken, but it was nothing like she had heard from the women of high society. She didn't even notice it at the time, she was too caught up in the sensations. Maybe the other women were doing it wrong, Colette mused as she stepped out of the tub and wrapped one towel around her body and another around her hair. As she walked back into the bedroom, she heard a knock at the door. Thinking it was Mary there to help her dress, she called her in and walked towards the privacy screen. 

Wyatt raced across the room, pulling her against him as his hands slid down her back to grasp her arse and lift her up, kissing her passionately. Her arousal pumped into her quickly, thick and hot through her veins, and she kissed him back. He pulled away, setting her back on the floor and turning to walk away. 

"Just to keep you thinking of me until we're together again," he said, winking as he closed the door behind him. 

"How could I not?" Colette breathed, flopping down onto a chair and taking a few deep breaths.

It was going to be a long wait.