 Marianne stumbled as she walked up the small set of stairs to the door of her dorm. She cursed when she nearly dropped her keycard to swipe in and fell through the door with a clatter, knocking into a trashcan right inside the door. Although the door to her hall was only a few feet away, it still took a few minutes for her to cross the foyer and open the heavy door. She stumbled again, her vision blurring in and out of focus through the haze of alcohol that enveloped her mind, making everything fuzzy, warm and seven times as funny. She slumped against the wall, opening and closing her eyes to try to shake off the spins that threatened to upset her balance. Mark heard the racket she made opening the door and her slurred mutterings and poked his head out of his room to investigate. She looked up at him blearily and smiled widely, holding out her arms. He came towards her and started to give her an awkward hug but she pitched forward when she shifted her weight and he caught her against his chest.

"Mark! Sorry, I'm jus'—jus' a lil' drunker than I realized," she mumbled into his sternum, then looked directly up at him. 

"It's ok. Do you...want some water or something?" He asked, trying to maneuver her onto her feet again, but she kept swaying. In the end he kept a firm grip on her shoulder to prevent her from falling again.

"No, I'm fine! I mean—wait no yes, I do want—want some water, that'd be great... I think I should jus'—jus' sit and stuff." And with that she promptly dropped to the floor, resting her head against the wall with her eyes closed and splaying her limbs out in every directly. She moved her arms and legs around a bit, smiling while she muttered "cold floor. Solid floor good. S'like I'm making a—a tile angel." She opened one eye and saw Mark staring at her in amazement and apprehension. "Don' judge. You should come down here and try it too, iss very flat."Mark shook his head, smiling, and went to go get a water bottle. When he came back she was half sitting up against the wall, humming tunelessly. When he held out the water to her, she grabbed it with both hands but only took a small sip. He stood for a second, unsure of what to do until she slapped her hand down on the ground next to her and said "C'mon, sit down for a lil' bit." The minute he did, she leaned over and rested her head on his shoulder. He stiffened slightly, feeling even more uncomfortable, but he didn't want to leave her to her own devices if she couldn't even walk straight. Marianne sighed contentedly. 

"You smell nice. Thangss for the water." She took another sip. 

"No problem. You ok?" He looked down at her sideways and felt his apprehension growing. Her jacket was unzipped and hanging off her shoulders. Her sleeveless shirt, which had three snaps on the front was unbuttoned revealing way more cleavage than usual. He could see the pink and black lace on her bra and the tops of each swell of her breast. He shifted nervously and looked away, up at the ceiling, asking, "so how was the dance?"

"Oh, you know. Crowded, mediocre music, loud. But funnn—" her last words were drawn out because she slipped down from his shoulder to rest her head on his lap. Now he had an even clearer view of her breasts, in addition to several inches of her stomach that her already short shirt had ridden up to reveal. Her pants were low enough that most of her hip bones were visible and her pierced navel was clearly uncovered. She reached up and scratched fretfully at something on her collarbone, drawing his gaze upwards again and although he was still slightly nervous, he was glad that she was drunk enough to not notice how his eyes were roving over her body. He was undoubtedly attracted to her, although the fact that she was a year older than him and his hall RA had quashed a lot of initial thoughts about her. However, here she was, splayed across his lap, showing more skin than he had seen on a lot of girls, her smudged make-up giving her already dark eyes an even more bed-roomy look. He shifted nervously again and hoped she wouldn't move too much, since he was starting to feel the beginnings of an erection in his gym shorts. His thought pattern was interrupted when she reached up to pat his face. "Sush a good frosh, taking care of your drunk old RA. You're sush a cutie." He laughed, trying to ignore the way her fingertips on his cheek were sending thrills down through his neck and stomach. "What else are we here for?" 

She giggled, and continued to absently play with a curl of his hair right above his ear. He thought about taking her hand away, but then wondered if he would be able to let go of it. He settled for looking at her quizzically, even though it still felt very nice.

"What are you doing?" 

She looked up. "You have sush nice hair," she slurred, but dropped her hand, leaving her arm draped over eyes. This caused her shirt to ride up even more and her shirt to wrinkle on one side so that he could now clearly see the cup of her bra and the way her breast pushed against it. His cock stirred more insistently and he knew he would have to act quickly before all deniability vanished. Luckily, Marianne chose that moment to sigh, "I'm so shleepy, I hope I can get up to my bed...sometimes I think iss too high..." He took the opportunity to sit up straighter and say, "well why don't you go to bed then?"

"Good idea," she mumbled before rolling off of his lap onto the floor. While she was face down, Mark quickly checked his lap to make sure there was nothing obvious amiss. He was still half hard, but he hoped that in her state she wouldn't notice, especially if she didn't look directly at his waist. She sat up and then tried to stand up using the wall next to her but promptly fell down again. "Dammit, stupid floor keeps moving." She tried again without success and then grabbed Mark's hand. He hauled her up, but once she was on her feet, she swayed ominously and almost fell backwards. He steadied her shoulder and she wrapped her arms around his neck, mumbling into his shoulder with almost an embarrassed tone, "can you carry me back to my room? I'm sorry, I don' think I can get there." He hesitated for a moment but was left little choice when her knees buckled again and he caught her fully against his chest again. 

Her warmth, the way she was gripping the back of his neck and the feel of her breasts pushing against him through his thin t shirt was a bit much and he had to take a deep breath to calm himself. He picked her up, cradling her like a baby with her head buried in his shoulder and carried her the last few yards to her room, where he deposited her on her raised bed. She sat up with effort and smiled blearily at him. "Thangss. That was kind of embarrassing." He shrugged and smiled. She kicked off her shoes and fell back on to her pillows with a sigh. Mark moved towards the door, half disappointed and half relieved that she was at least in bed, but she raised her head and said pitifully, "do you think I could have that water bottle? Iss the lass' thing, I promise." He rolled his eyes in mock exasperation but obliged her. 

When he came back in the room, he found to his dismay that she had managed to get out of her jeans so that she was curled up on top of her comforter in only her shirt and underwear. Right as he handed her the water, a large group of people ran through the hall, laughing loudly. She screwed up her face and pressed her hands over her eyes and mumbled, "Loud" in protest. He quickly closed the door and then moved forward to put the water bottle back in her hand, which she had dropped on the floor to cover her face. She smiled at him and kept holding on to his hand, which she had grabbed hold of when he gave her the water. She studied it closely, running her fingertips up and down the veins and tendons on it, then turning it over and tracing the lines on his palm. His breath hitched slightly when he felt her cool breath ghosting over his suddenly hot palm but he felt mesmerized, each light touch sending more shocks up his arm and through his body. His cock was almost at full attention from the combination of her ministrations to his hand, the sight of the smooth expanse of her bare thighs and the way her breasts were pushed together. He shuddered slightly when she gently pressed his fingertips to her lips. When she parted them slightly and gently bit the tip of his middle finger, it brought him out of his reverie slightly, but only to register that she was gently but insistently pulling him closer. Part of his mind shouted in protest, that this was wrong and not allowed and a terrible idea. However, the most prevailing thought in his mind was that he had no idea what to do. He had only ever kissed his high school girlfriend with a few instances of awkward groping. The concept of an attractive older girl kissing her way up his forearm—as Marianne was doing now—that were sending electric tingles down to his now fully erect cock was completely alien to him and he was powerless to do anything. There was no doubt that he now wanted very badly to continue whatever was going on, but he had no idea how to proceed.

Marianne was having a very difficult time taking things slowly. She knew that Mark was very inexperienced and didn't want to frighten him away by being too forward. However, when she took his hand and began tracing all the lines around his palm and knuckles, noting the way his long fingers tapered off in sturdy, squarish nails, the strong veins that traced up his forearm to his bicep, his t shirt not quite hiding the built up muscles he had acquired from baseball, she couldn't help imagining how his fingers and hands would feel in her hair, around her waist, or one hand on her breast while the pad of his other middle finger gently brushed over her aching clit. It was that last thought that made her almost unconsciously nibble his finger. When he didn't leap away, she started to draw him closer, laying feather like kisses against the pale, sensitive skin of his forearm. 

She could feel her heart pounding against her chest, her breasts tingling as they strained against her bra, her mound feeling hot and swollen. She could hear his ragged breathing and knew that for the time being, at least, she had him. When she had kissed up to the hem of his sleeve she sat up, suddenly feeling much more alert and in control of her motor functions, and slid her hands down his chest, exploring his taught stomach and pectoral muscles through his shirt. She smiled slightly to herself when she saw that he was completely hard, his cock creating a tent in his nylon shorts, but confined herself to his torso for the moment. She then slid her palms back up his chest and over his shoulders, coming to rest at the back of his head. She sat up straighter, even on the raised bed she was still a few inches shorter than him, and pulled him in close to her. For a few seconds they hovered inches apart, and she looked him directly in the eye before closing the gap between them and kissing him.

If Mark had felt paralyzed before, it was nothing compared to this. The split second before she kissed him—the instant when she was looking right into his face, her mouth open slightly with a hint of a smile—had left him completely undone. Any misgivings he had were quickly silenced when her lips touched his and he had to remember to respond to her kiss. She was soft and warm and tasted like cherries. When she slid her hands down his arms and to his waist, he tentatively put his hands on her upper arms. When she gently slid her tongue over his lower lip he reciprocated and moved his hands down to her waist, relaxing slightly. She then wrapped her legs around his still standing body and pushed her fingers up under the hem of his shirt, dragging her fingertips over his stomach and chest and around to his back, kissing him more deeply and he responded by pulling her closer with her hips and caressing her sides, causing her shirt to ride up higher and higher. 

By the time they broke apart, they were both breathing heavily; her breasts were heaving with each breath and she could feel his cock pressing insistently up against her pussy, although several layers of clothing still separated them. They looked at each other for a moment and Marianne smiled a genuine smile this time. Mark initiated the kiss after that, cupping her face between his hands and sliding his fingers back through her hair, kissing her hard. Her legs tightened around him and she began to slowly grind up against him, rubbing her swelling clit against the hard package of his cock through her underwear and he moaned slightly, relishing the friction and responding by pushing his hips forward slightly. He moved one hand down over her collarbone and then, tentatively, lower until it was resting gently on her breast. She encouraged him by arching her back, forcing the swell of her breast into his palm and he squeezed it, massaging it gently and ground his cock against her harder. She groaned and without further ceremony began desperate attempts to take his shirt off. Her shirt, which was already bunched up to her waist, soon followed and she kissed his muscled chest while he fumbled with the clasp of her bra. 

When he finally tossed it aside, he had to catch his breath yet again at the sight of her breasts. They were full without any sag, big enough to fill his hand without over flowing it and her nipples were perked and hard. He experimentally stroked a thumb over one nipple, than the other and her answering shiver and intake of breath was enough for him to know that he was doing the right thing. He continued to circle her nipples with his thumbs, kissing her again as he did so, and she pulled him forward on to the bed next to her. Running her hand down his chest, she pushed her palm against his throbbing erection, gently squeezing it through the fabric of his shorts. He gasped at the sensation, biting his lip, his fingers closing convulsively over her breast. She continued to rub his cock lightly over his clothes and as his breathing became heavier, he strained his hips towards her, craving more contact. She could feel herself soaking her underwear and squeezed her thighs together, longing for him to touch her.  

Mark was so overwhelmed by sensations that it was all he could do to keep breathing. The feeling over her warm, soft breast in his hand, the way she arched her back every time he ran his thumb over her nipple, the slow way she was stroking his cock, the fabric sliding over his sensitive head, was driving him crazy. His eyes were closed, but they flew open and he let out a guttural moan when he felt her fingers slide into the waistband of his shorts and begin stroking his penis in earnest. It felt so good and he couldn't help himself from thrusting his member into her hand to feel more friction. 

He felt her take his hand and gently guide it down her torso to between her legs. He was amazed to find that the fabric of her underwear was damp and warm. Unsure of what to do, he slid his hand into her panties and caressed the soft, bare skin of her pussy. She raised her hips and parted her legs slightly so that his middle finger slipped between her pussy lips. He ran his finger down her slit and found her entrance. When she raised her hips again, he tentatively slipped one finger inside of her, marveling at how tight, wet and hot she was. Marianne arched her back and moaned, clenching her muscles around his finger as he slid it out and back in, this time with a little more sureness. He slid his finger out and rubbed her juices over her lips. When he touched her clit, she moaned louder, opening her legs wider. He rubbed the small, hard nub again and she arched her back, bolts of pleasure shooting out from her center. Her hand began to move faster over his cock as he began circling her clit, every now and then pressing down on it, to which she would cry out softly in pleasure. 

Mark was finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate as her hand increased the pressure and speed on his cock. He could feel drops of precum begin to lubricate her hand, especially when she paused to squeeze and pump the head of his penis. He had never felt this hard and feeling how hot and wet she was, he couldn't help but imagine entering her, feeling her muscles clench around his cock the way they had around his finger. Suddenly, she was sitting up, pulling his hand up to her mouth and circling her tongue around his finger, sucking on her own juices. She maneuvered herself on top of him and kissed him. Their tongues tangled together and the combination of her juices with her cherry taste was incredible. She moved down his body, trailing kisses over his chest and stomach before slowly pulling his shorts down and off his legs. His erection sprang out of its confines and she grasped it in her hand again. He was suddenly hit with a wave of shyness again, at being completely naked and exposed but it quickly dissipated into shock when she bent her head and circled her tongue around the head of his cock, licking up the gathering precum. He groaned helplessly when she took more of him into her mouth, sucking and moving her mouth up and down while stroking. He fisted his hands, clutching at her sheets as he gasped, his eyes rolling up when she took his sack in her other hand and gently fondled his balls. 

Marianne could feel him tensing, feel his cock expanding in her mouth and knew he was getting close. She pulled her mouth off of his member, flicking the tip of the head lightly with her tongue. He was clenching and unclenching his hands, his eyes were closed and his brow was furrowed in seeming concentration. She climbed up further and kissed him deeply, while holding his cock straight up with one hand, and slid her pussy down on to him in one smooth motion. His eyes opened wide and he parted his lips to moan loudly, so she took the opportunity to nibble on his bottom lip. She sat up on top of him, allowing him to adjust to the new sensation of being inside her and began to move up and down. His cock was eight inches long and hard as rock, and she gasped every time he entered her completely. His hands found their way to her breasts as she rolled her hips. 

The view of her body was incredible and he couldn't resist watching how her pussy lips clung to his cock when she moved up, his glistening shaft appearing by inches before she engulfed him again. She had planted one hand on his chest, her head was thrown back and her eyes were closed. On each downward thrust she gasped, clenching her thighs around his hips, and her nails dug into the skin on his chest. He was suddenly seized with a desire to assert some control. He stilled her motions by grabbing her hips and sat up, groaning at the new angle this motion afforded his cock inside of her. He gently pulled her off of him and lay her back on the pillows. Positioning himself so that the tip of his penis was touching her entrance, he entered her slowly, watching the way her mouth opened and her eyes rolled back into her head, as he felt her fingers closing tightly on his shoulders and her legs wrapping around his waist to bring him inside her fully with more force. As he began thrusting faster, her breath started coming in short, gasping cries. He moaned loudly when she sucked on one of her fingers and began to rub her clit in between them, even as he continued pumping. 

Marianne could feel her orgasm building as she flicked her finger quickly over her clit as Mark continued to fuck her. She could hear him starting to moan with every breath and clawed at his back with her free hand, using her legs around his waist to pull him into her completely with every thrust. She opened her eyes to see his face contorted in concentration and pulled him down for an open mouthed kiss. When he pulled away, she groaned, "harder. Oh god, harder, Mark, please—" At the sound of his name coming from her lips in such a desperate tone, he began thrusting harder and faster, moaning, "I don't think I can last much longer." She simply responded by tightening her legs around him and stroking her clit even faster. Mark could feel his orgasm rising, and pumped even faster. Marianne pressed down on her clit, gasping, "Oh god, please don't stop, I'm going to cuuummmmmmm..." and felt the first wave of pleasure hit her as she arched her back up, crying out. The clenching of her pussy around his cock that was already ready to explode, her nails on his back, the way she was gasping his name in ecstasy was all too much and he slammed into her one last time before coming helplessly, moaning loudly. She squeezed her thighs around him, keeping him inside her even as he grew soft. She kissed him, keeping their bodies close, before allowing him to slide out of her and collapse on the bed next to her.
