 All characters are over the age of 21.

*****

Cliché. But true.

He saw the woman in the red dress across a crowded room and knew he had to get to meet her. It was a large trade association cocktail party. The room was jammed with two and three person clusters of sales people trying to impress potential customers with their social graces and credibility while only occasionally referring to their products. 

Bill looked across the room trying to study the woman while still carrying on an intelligent 'soft sell' talk with a customer. He'd done some business with the man but not been able to close on the big sale. He had invested a lot of time with this customer and didn't want to blow his chances. On the other hand, he really wanted to ditch the guy and make his way across the room. For the moment he tried to talk sincerely while taking as many glances at the woman as possible.

It had been the long silky hair that had first caught his eye. He'd then seen that the hair was atop a tall well- built woman. Her red dress wasn't blatantly sexy but it did hug what seemed to be a very nice body. Further glances had confirmed her to be young and her face very attractive while also revealing that her body was stunning.

Bill's mind flashed through the various short hand terms used to describe a woman's body type such as skinny, swimmer, athletic, and the like. This woman's body didn't match those labels- it was simply 'fucking hot' to Bill. He laughed to himself at his crudeness and decided the more politically correct term might be 'voluptuous.' To Bill that meant that she wasn't skinny or fat- she had curves that looked like they'd be perfect for feeling and enjoying while having sex. It meant she had a large chest but not fake tits stuck on a stick-like body. Her lower body seemed trim but curvy. Her height was enough to carry her large chest and other curves without looking fat. Fucking hot.

While Bill couldn't get a good look at her legs through the crowd the few glimpses he had suggested her legs looked well shaped and long. He wanted to study her more from the waist down but there were simply too many bodies in front of her.

Combining her body traits with beautiful hair and a nice face made the woman seem perfect. She was Bill's dream girl; the imaginary women he frequently visualized when he masturbated. He really wanted to meet this woman. If he could eventually get her into his bed he'd be a happy man.

As he repeatedly stole glances at her Bill thought she might have noticed his attention. He was slightly embarrassed but also hopeful that perhaps she'd be receptive if he approached her.

Bill's conversation demanded a half minute of undivided attention. When he looked back across the room a minute later the red dress was gone. He scanned the room but couldn't find her.

A long few minutes later Bill was able to end his sales pitch and excuse himself. He made his way through the crowd searching for the red dress but it was nowhere to be found. That made the evening a bust even if some good sales eventually came from it.

Bill spent more time than he should the next day at the trade show looking for his dream girl. He walked the floor and checked those manning the booths several times but came up empty. He thought of the woman off and on for all day.

That night it was Bill's responsibility to host a dinner for some of his company's best customers. The dinner arrangements including restaurant selection and private dining room were left to Bill's assistant subject to his approval. She'd done well with the task for several years so Bill's involvement was minimal. Each year including the current one about three weeks before the trade show he'd select which companies were to be invited. He would personally extend the invitation to their VP of Sales with it being explained that two to four people could come and RSVPs should go to his assistant. Thus Bill knew which companies would attend but not the identity of the guests. Since he knew most of the purchasing agents there was usually only a face or two out of roughly 30 guests he didn't know.

He was therefore shocked and delighted to see his mystery woman enter their private dining room that evening. Her body looked even shapelier than he'd thought. Her chest looked very large on an otherwise fit but curvy body. As discretely as possible he watched the group she was with to determine if she was accompanying anyone in particular. He certainly couldn't hit on her if she was the wife of a customer's rep. Within a few minutes he guessed she was with a group of singles- no one seemed particularly attached to anyone else. 

Bill went out of his way to casually move close to her and to then introduce himself. The woman identified herself as Missy Smith and gave her job title and area of responsibility.

After a brief exchange about the man with whom Bill had previously dealt with in her position, Missy said, "I saw you watching me last night. It looked like your tongue was hanging out; you wanted to meet me and hit on me, right? I believe the phrase is 'undressing me with your eyes'.

Bill blushed. He was speechless for the moment- having been shocked at her statement. How should he respond? He could deny everything but she'd know he was lying and there probably wasn't any good outcome if he started down that path.

At the other extreme he could agree that he'd been lusting for her but that might be too piggish and result in a slap or quick end to their conversation. A middle response seemed safer. Even though it sounded lame he said, "Well, I didn't mean to be creepy but you looked great and I was trying to remember if we'd ever met."

"I didn't say you were creepy. Inappropriate for a business gathering perhaps but I somewhat enjoyed being the subject of your stares."

Bill was thrilled. He said he'd searched for her at the party but she'd apparently left. She shocked him again by observing that - at the risk of sounding egotistical- she'd seen him searching today and assumed she was the object of his wandering the floor of the trade show. Bill admitted that he had looked for her and wondered how she'd seen him while not being seen by him. She confessed that she deliberately avoided him. She knew she would be attending his dinner and thought it would add to the surprise meeting at the dinner if she eluded his search. Bill smiled and said that she'd been right.

Bill had to excuse himself to meet and greet his other guests but they agreed to meet at a bar on the far side of the hotel for a private drink after the dinner. Bill explained that he would need to first have one post-dinner drink at the nearest bar with the inevitable stragglers from the dinner. He'd need to stay for about 15 minutes and then could slip away. She said she understood. 

He worked the private dining room and served as the perfect host for the dinner- all as his job required. While meeting his responsibilities his mind and eyes repeatedly focused on Missy Smith. He couldn't help speculating on where things might lead when they were alone. They'd barely met and yet she seemed to be welcoming his lust.

Finally the dinner wrapped up and Bill hung out to have one social drink with the half dozen reps that always lingered at the bar afterwards. He slipped away and was relieved to find Missy waiting outside the distant bar. As he approached he was again able to study her overall body. She looked taller than he'd thought. He suspected that was from her high heels and her very erect posture. He was again struck by how great her chest looked. 

They sat at the quiet bar and got to know each other a bit. For starters they were both unmarried and uncommitted to anyone. She lived and worked in Chicago which wasn't too far from his home in Milwaukee- about an hour's drive. Missy's erect posture on the barstool puzzled Bill but he felt he couldn't say anything. He wondered if she was wearing a back brace to cope with a spinal injury or had some other spinal issue. While he felt sympathy for any medical problem she might have he couldn't help but notice how her chest was pushed out. It was as if her breasts were being presented to him on a shelf. He felt guilty but stole many glances at her impressive rack while they spoke.

Finally Missy said, "I know you're trying to be discrete in staring at my chest but you're really not very good at it."

Bill blushed and muttered an apology. He didn't know whether to say anything about her posture -trying to use it as an excuse- but decided it would be smarter not to say anything more. 

Missy saved him by saying, "It's not totally your fault. I'm wearing a very tight corset. It makes me sit with my back abnormally straight and that pushes my chest out a bit."

Bill nodded and simply said, "Oh." Again he shut up since he didn't know whether she was wearing a post-surgical brace-like corset or a corset intended as sexual lingerie. After an awkward pause he very tentatively said, "When you say 'corset' is it something you wear for fashion, or... pleasure, or is it medical? You certainly don't need it to look trim."

"Private pleasure would be the right category. Corsets make me feel sexy. Right now it's feeling less than comfortable so the word pleasure is a bit of a stretch. Too many hours of cocktail party standing and bar stool sitting take their toll."

Bill was ill at ease but sexually turned on by the thought that Missy was wearing a corset. Since she'd brought up the topic he thought it would probably be okay to pursue the subject but was fearful he'd cross some invisible line and kill his chances with the sexy woman.

In a tentative voice Bill asked, "To me the idea of a woman in a corset is very sexy but I have to ask if it hurts why wear it?"

Missy smiled and said, "Because it's sexy, of course. And it doesn't hurt- it's just uncomfortable. For the first couple of hours it's much more sexy than uncomfortable. After a couple of hours the balance between sexy and discomfort gradually switches."

"Well, we've just met so I don't want to offend by getting too personal but can I ask, do you wear corsets often?"

"I guess the answer to that is yes and no. I'm not currently seeing anyone so I haven't worn a corset much lately. Las Vegas is different. I've been coming here about once a year for several years. I discovered a small lingerie shop and every year I go there when I first arrive, buy one or two corsets and then wear one at least every evening if not more often. Back at home I wear them from time to time but certainly not every day."

"Wow. Does that mean you were corseted last evening when I was scoping you out across the room?"

"Oh yes. I was wearing a red satin corset under my red dress. Tonight I'm wearing a black waist cincher. A waist cincher is a short corset that ends below the breasts so you can wear your choice of bras. Last night I was wearing a whole ensemble of red lingerie; tonight I'm in black."

Bill was obviously turned on by her description. He continued to be nervous about going too far but said, "Both sets of lingerie sound very sexy. You looked beautiful from across the room last night. I had no idea you were dressed in such sexy lingerie but I'm visualizing it now."

"I'll bet you are," taunted Missy. She then asked if he had entertaining or other business commitments for the next evening. When he said he didn't she suggested they have dinner together to which he readily agreed. Missy then said, "I'm not promising anything since we haven't even had one date but I'll wear my red ensemble to dinner. Whether you get to see the lingerie or not will depend on how the date goes."

That sounds great. I'll speak to the concierge and arrange for dinner at one of the city's nicest restaurants." They talked about cuisine preferences and the best timing for dinner and exchanged contact info. Bill walked Missy to the elevator and they ascended together -exiting on their respective floors.

Bill made the dinner arrangements the next day and they exchanged texts to set a time to meet in the hotel lobby.

Bill was at the designated meeting place 10 minutes early. His cock wasn't hard but his mind was definitely tuned in to sex. He'd been daydreaming about Missy in her red corset all day. He found a good spot and stared at the elevator doors expectantly. Time dragged but eventually one set of doors opened and Bill saw the red dress peeking out between those packing the elevator. He watched as the several riders exited and Missy started toward him. She looked just as he'd remembered from the cocktail party but seemed twice as sexy since he now knew about her lingerie.

They kissed lightly and Bill told Missy how great she looked. She acknowledged his compliment and then with a small smile added, "You like the dress but we both know you're visualizing the corset."

Bill cleared his throat and meekly said, "Well, I wouldn't be human if I wasn't. You're the one who told a virtual stranger about your unusual lingerie."

"Yes, I did. I'm usually not so bold but sensing how you were looking at me the prior evening and how you searched for me yesterday I thought we had a bond that was much closer than strangers."

Bill agreed; he'd felt the same way. The couple walked to the cab stand with Bill occasionally placing his hand gently on Missy's back as they navigated through the crowded casino. He could feel the firmness of the corset which reinforced the sexy images that had been in his mind all day. He couldn't resist whispering in Missy's ear, "I'm getting aroused from feeling your corseted body."

As they stood in line waiting for a taxi Bill whispered, "I guess you already know that I find the idea that you're wearing a corset to be very hot. I've enjoyed pictures of women in corsets but I've never actually dated anyone who was wearing one."

"That you know of," corrected Missy. "Perhaps you just didn't get lucky enough to get your date undressed."

"Perhaps." He paused and then said, "A quick mental review of my past dates doesn't suggest anyone who would have chosen to wear a corset. I haven't dated that many women and most were pretty plain vanilla in their tastes."

"That's an assumption," said Missy. "If you took a survey of all of the people who know me at work not a single one would pick me as a corset wearer. It's a personal thing that's not obvious without touching or my volunteering the information as I did with you. Part of my pleasure comes from wearing lingerie that I know is sexy while the people around me don't know what I'm wearing."

"I understand. In fact, part of my excitement is the notion that only you and I know what you've got on under your dress."

They went to Alize' at the top of the Palms Hotel and had a great dinner while enjoying the view of the city. Over a cocktail Bill inquired as to how Missy had become interested in corsets. She told him of an aunt who lived in Paris and had occasionally visited her family in the US when Missy was growing up. During her teen years Missy had discovered one of her aunt's corsets in the guest room. She'd searched the dresser and found two more. As a curious teenager she'd found the corsets very exciting and imagined her aunt as a femme fatale. She kept her discovery secret but thought about the corsets long after her aunt's visit. On a later visit by her aunt during Missy's senior year in high school she told her aunt that she'd seen the corsets. She and her aunt discussed how it felt to wear a corset and why her aunt wore them. Her aunt had explained that it made her feel sophisticated and sexy. Before leaving for home her aunt had taken her on a secret shopping trip and bought her a corset of her very own. She couldn't let her mother or father know about it so she wore it under sweatshirts and bulky sweaters during her last few months of high school and throughout college when she bought some others. 

While in college Missy said she'd let two boys that she was dating in on her secret. One had labelled her 'weird' never called again. The other had been incredibly aroused by the corset. He'd bought her two more during the several months they'd dated. They broke up when he wanted her to become a stripper. After those experiences she generally kept her interest in corsets secret.

Since college she'd worn her corsets secretly on various occasions. Finding the boutique in Las Vegas had renewed and increased her interest as 'Sin City' was far from home and seemed like the perfect place for indulging herself. The shop owner was very pleasant and Missy always enjoyed seeing the new designs the shop owner recommended for her. 

Bill found her story both interesting and arousing. He started to think of a long term relationship with Missy. He would drive down to see her, take her out for the evening while she wore a sexy corset and then bring her to his hotel where he'd ravish her. Then he realized this was only their first date. It was still too early to know if there'd be a second- much less a longer term pairing.

During dinner Missy's stiff posture and large bust were constant reminders to Bill of her corset. The dress had a relatively high neckline so there wasn't even the hint of cleavage but Missy's chest was very appealing as she sat across the small table from him. At one point early in the evening she teased Bill by asking him to confirm that her nipples didn't show. After he looked carefully at her breasts she confessed she'd just been teasing. The cups of the corset were quite firm she told him; she was quite sure her nipples couldn't show. As a further tease she added that she was a little self-conscious about her nipples because they were larger than average. Bill squirmed as his cock twitched with that thought. He didn't say anything but guessed she knew he was a fan of big nipples.

More than once- at moments when his attention was on her- Missy pretended to pick a bit of imaginary lint off the front of her dress- exactly where he envisioned one of her nipples would be. Nothing was said but they both knew her actions were not innocent.

Missy also shared with Bill that in addition to her love of corsets she also enjoyed wearing garter belts and stockings. She said she hadn't worn pantyhose since high school. Again, her aunt from Paris had introduced her to nice lingerie which included garter belts and stockings. Her aunt thought pantyhose were horrible- probably invented by the Catholic Church to preserve virginity. Missy said she now had many matching sets of bras, panties and garter belts. These were what she wore to work and when dressed up if she wasn't in the mood to wear a corset. Bill was fascinated by her openness on their first date and spent much of dinner visualizing her in a wide range of lingerie.

As dinner came to an end Bill said, "As I said earlier I've never been out with a woman wearing a corset. I know it's only our first date but might I beg to bring you to my room so that I can better explore your lingerie?"

"Yes, you can beg. I'd like that." She paused and then said, "Begging isn't really necessary. Actually, I'm looking forward to being alone with you in your room or mine- but there are strict conditions. I'd like to show you my corset. It's been too long since I've had a man ogling my lingerie and I could see us having a relationship into the future but we need to establish some ground rules. Just because I go to a hotel room with you does not mean we're going to have sex. Let me explain how I envision things. I have a silk scarf in my bag. I'm visualizing how I might tie your hands behind your back and tease you." She let that phrase hang for a moment and then said, "You didn't expect me to simply spread my legs for you on our first date?"

Bill coughed and again didn't know what to say. She told him no response was needed; they'd re-visit the subject back at their hotel.
