 Chapter 7

That night, after Frank had as usual shown absolutely no interest in me, I lay sleepless, for much of the time wracking my brains for ways in which I might be able to create opportunities for Greg and me to be together again.

That was, if I was actually prepared to do so - which was the question I dealt with first

I ran through his qualities and attributes; he was attractive, intelligent, often times humorous and we had strong interests in common. And, perhaps even more significantly, he had proved to be not only a lovingly considerate, but also an extraordinarily skilfully proficient lover.

So I quickly decided I would definitely like to be with him again - which of course then left me with the even bigger question, and that was how we would be able to arrange that?

Certainly my work as a senior librarian at the university occasionally took me away from home for a night or two - for training seminars in administrative or procedural changes, software upgrades, and other related matters. But I could not really see how I could justify a sudden increase in either the regularity or frequency of such meetings.

But then, after I had wrestled with the problem for an hour so, the answer came to me. The theatre!

There was absolutely no reason why - following the undoubted success of the latest production - I should not be asked to become one of that other theatre group of performers. Given my knowledge of an extensive range and variety of plays - and Frank's increasing disinterest in that area of my life - I would have no trouble in carrying off the pretext that I was occupied with rehearsing, and then performing, a completely new part for them

I silently congratulated myself for coming up with such a simple, yet creative solution to the problem - and with my increasing certainty that Frank was more than fully occupied with some other woman, I had absolutely no feelings of guilt in even planning to do so.

I had some other ideas too.

Greg and I had of course exchanged phone numbers, though I had asked him not to call me at home in anything other than the direst of emergencies, and having arrived at both my decision and the means by which I thought we might meet again, I was sorely tempted to ring him. But - and perhaps that was just a 'woman' thing - instead I decided to await his call to me.

It was Wednesday before I received it - by which time I was of course beginning to wonder if he had had a change of heart. But when he apologised for not ringing earlier, saying he'd needed to go inter-state for a day or two, I found myself responding to just the sound of the emotional warmth in his voice. It was as though my breasts and pussy were also tuned-in to it - or at least to the memory of what pleasures had previously followed the sound of it - I felt the pressure of my nipples rubbing against the lining of my bras, and the rapid moistening that was obviously developing down between my legs.

After a few brief remarks his voice became much more tentative as he asked if I had had time to think about us meeting again. 'Yes I have - and yes, I'd very much like to - and I've even thought of a way in which it might be possible.' I answered.

'You have! That's absolutely marvellous Margie! What is it?'

'I can't really talk here Greg, can we meet - just for a coffee. Maybe after work.'

And so, later that afternoon we did just that; meeting in a convenient coffee-shop, where, ignoring the grins and chuckles from those already seated, he hugged and kissed me almost as ardently as he had during that famous 'Passionate!' stage-kiss.

'Oh, I've missed that!' he exclaimed as we broke and took our seats. 'I can't tell you just how much! And I've hardly been able to stop thinking about you Margie.'

'I've been thinking about you too Greg - especially during those two days of total silence.' I added chidingly.

'Honestly the only time I had free to call you was when I knew you'd be home - and I knew you wouldn't want me calling there.' he explained.

'Don't worry - I was just pulling your leg a little. Though I did have a few moments when I thought I might have been something less than a nine day wonder for you.'

'Never! And I'll do my best to not let it happen again.' he said, just as the waitress arrived to take our order.

'Now, tell me about this idea of yours.' he said enthusiastically once she'd gone.

I quickly explained about the supposed invitation from his theatre group - and he positively beamed with delight when he understood the ramifications. 'So does that mean we could meet on a semi-regular basis - and you're prepared to do that?' he asked.

'Well let's say that for now I am Greg - though if you turn out to be a sadistic maniac, I can't promise how long I'd maintain it.'

He grinned. 'In that case I'll be sure not to bring the chains and handcuffs with me.'

We then quickly arranged a date for our production's first rehearsal, Greg suggesting that we use the same motel as we had the other time - which was convenient for both of us - then we chatted about more mundane matters until I said it was about time I started to make my way home.

During the intervening days - other than finding myself becoming extremely 'hot and bothered' whenever I thought about the excitement of my previous times with Greg - I did a little personal shopping, particularly for some sexy new underwear. Although I saw quite a few things I liked, my regular shops had nothing extra special, so I ended up in one of the far more up-market negligee boutiques, where - at quite exorbitant prices - I did find several items that especially appealed to me. And which I hoped would have a suitably dramatic effect on Greg.

The things I chose for the first of our new meetings were, when I looked at them even more closely than I had when I'd bought them, particularly spectacular. A bras, panty and garter-belt - all three made entirely from dozens and dozens of tiny, blue and white 'forget-me-nots'; the effect of the florets only enhanced by a few thin, pale green tendrils; the coils of which both bordered the edges and then sensuously curled and spiralled around where the tips of my breasts would be, and, perhaps even more erotically, up and around the pubic area.

The only thing I thought marring the general effect, was the obligatory cotton insert beneath the crutch of the panties - but, after a little careful unpicking, I removed that, then couldn't wait to try them on and get a proper look at myself wearing them

And when I did, although I had to admit that I thought they did make me look enticingly sexy, I realised that by trimming my pubic hair to fit within those coiling tendrils I could further improve the overall effect. So, having used a combination of scissors and razor - even taking the opportunity to remove the finer hairs from around my labia - I took another look in the mirror, and have to say I was more than satisfied with my handy-work. The roughly heart-shaped shadow - because it contrasted with the surrounding semi-transparency - clearly showed through, and when I leaned backwards so I could peer beneath me, the tiny flowers definitely seemed to add a romantically feminine appearance to my pussy/

In fact I then couldn't wait to see how Greg would react when he saw them…

But although I imagined, and hopefully anticipated what that might be, I could never, in my wildest imagination, have predicted his actual responses.

He sang to me - well, at least to that particular part of me!

 * * * * * "O lovely Pussy! O Pussy my love, What a beautiful Pussy you are, You are, You are! What a beautiful Pussy you are!' * * * * *