 It was looking like a hot July weekend. I had gone to the cottage a few days before to get everything ready for the rest of the family to come up. I got all the groceries, tidied up a bit inside, mowed the lawn and redid the flower bed. This was my sanctuary. I had actually bought it while I worked in the area instead of renting and wasting my money giving it away to someone else. The family had been up to stay with me at various times over the past few years at the different places I was at, the kids would come up individually during the summer and stay for a week or so and the missus would come up maybe once every few months for a weekend. This place was different though, i owned it for about a year now and it was nice to have a place that was mine and I was able to have some pride in. Even now with my contract being done and having a summer off to relax, the place felt even better. My daughter and step daughter were up the year before with their boyfriends and this weekend my step son, James, and my wife, Julie, were supposed to be coming up. James had never been and he had been looking forward to finally seeing the place and hitting the beach with his mom. I am not really one for sand and water so I always bugged the kids to come up and go swimming with their mom to help keep her entertained. It was always bitter sweet when someone came up with Julie though, I knew for sure I wouldn't be getting laid when there was a kid around, (even though James was seventeen and probably wasn't new to anything sexually related), but I was glad to see everyone have fun by being able to relax and have a carefree weekend.

Friday night had come and everyone was supposed to be arriving around nine. Julie usually got off work around five and started off on her three hour trip to get here shortly after that. I always looked forward to her arrival. 

She was forty four, short, about five two, green eyes, blonde hair halfway down her back, a little chubby but nice curves, beautiful c cup tits with pink nips and an amazing bubblebutt. 

She frustrated the hell out of me though. I was lucky to get laid once a month, and my appetite was more like every other day. She was a beautiful woman that I could rarely touch. I was sure that she had been fucking someone at the office, the years spent at a distance due to the work situation I am sure started to drive her to find a more convenient cock. I confronted her about it once, which she obviously denied, but it didn't help me to understand why my sex life was in the shitter. 

Oh well, I must admit that the thought of her fucking someone else did turn me on. I jacked off to that fantasy quite a few times, envisioning her blowing her boss in his office and then bending over his desk to take a huge dick deep inside. I could hear her low moans and the "oh my gods" and the "you're so fucking deep". I was sitting on the couch jerking it to that exact fantasy when I heard the car pull up. I guess maybe I should have started a little sooner, maybe I could have at least finished.

I tucked everything away, straightened myself up and went over to open the door. "Hi honey! " I said.

"Hello dearest", came the reply along with a higher pitched "Hi dad".

I peeked around Julie to look at the back of the open hatch on the SUV. "Danielle? What are you doing here, I thought James was coming up?"

"Nice to see you too." Came the response, along with a hard slam of the hatch.

"Come on, don't take it that way. That's not at all what I meant, I just was expecting your brother that's all." I said as pushed past me in the doorway.

And so it begins is all I could think. My step daughter, Danielle, and my relationship was definitely hit and miss. Some days it was great and we could talk and laugh about anything, other days she was a bitch from hell. At nineteen, I thought she would have been over the proverbial moody teenager stage, but alas, no such luck. This was going to be a very long weekend if this is attitude she was going to have.

"James wasn't feeling very well, so he decided to just stay home. I brought my other swimming buddy instead." Julie chimed in, trying to ease the tension before it got started.

"Oh, well at least you'll still have fun, that's the main thing."

"Where is my bed?" Danielle asked. "Do you still have that blow up guest bed thingy?"

"No, that broke last year when your sister was up, I got this pullout bed in the couch when I updated the furniture earlier this year. You get to be the first to try it out."

"Hmm, yeah....O.K." was the only sarcastic answer Danielle supplied.

I just rolled my eyes and walked into the kitchen. "You guys want some munchies and something to drink?"

"Yeah it's been a long drive, an ice cold pop and some chips sounds good right now." Julie answered with her eyes all fluttery.

"Don't do that," I laughed, "I'm already getting some, no need for the "please do this for me" look."

I poured out some drinks and set a bowl of chips on the table. Danielle was already into looking for something to watch on T.V. along with intermittent texts to god knows who. Julie and I proceeded to talk about her day and stuff that I had been doing over the past few days. We wasted a couple of hours yapping to each other, when we noticed that that Danielle was starting to do the head bob in the corner of the couch.

"Hey, don't fall asleep yet, we need to make up the pullout." We kicked her out of her corner, moved the coffee table and proceeded to get everything made up.

"There ya go," I said, "all set just for you, me and your mum are off to bed too, so we'll see you in the morning."

"Night then." Danielle muttered.

Geez, is there no way to make this girl happy?

Julie and I made our way to the bedroom, did our usual bathroom and teethbrushing routine and climbed under the covers.

"Goodnight sweetie." I said.

"Goodnight" Julie replied, with a somewhat sensual kiss to go with it.

"That was nice, unexpected, but really nice. What's on your mind?"

"Well...I dunno...I was thinking maybe we could fool around a bit."

"Just like that huh?"

"Well...yeah" came the reply as I felt a hand move down over my cock.

Interesting, this was quite unusual. It had been quite a while since Julie had been this aggresive, and it was when one of the kids were around too. I sure wasn't going to waste this opportunity, especially since I didn't get to blow my load earlier. Bonus for me I guess, and I started to think that maybe she was horny since she wasn't able to get a quickie before she left the office. That really started to get me going...

"Well sure!" I managed to squeak out.

"Do you still have that cock ring?"

Huh? Was I hearing this right? Julie could be very kinky at times when she was in the mood. She has done some crazy stuff like pulling my cock out when I'm ready to cum and jerking me while I spray all over her, initiating anal sex and taking it very hard, sometimes using her vibe up her twat at the same time. She's had me tie her up, spank her, fuck her in some weird positions and then there's the dirty talk. She loves to talk dirty and she has always been extremely good at it. But, she has not done any of that, at least with me, in quite some time.

Fuckin right was all I could think as I turned on the night light and went over to the drawer to fish around for the ring. At thirty nine, I was average sized six inches but a thick five and a half inches around. I loved having a cock ring on just because it increased the sensitivity and largeness overall and damn did it ever feel good when I came. I wish I could have known at sixteen what I know now. I got laid a lot back then and I could really have put things to good use.

I finally found the ring and slid it on as far as I could, and climbed back into bed.

"There, all good to go!"

Julie kind of growled as she rolled into me and planted a firm wet kiss smack on the lips. I could feel her hand rubbing across my chest, slowly making it's way down to my now exposed and stiffening cock. She grabbed ahold of me and started the rythmic up and down motion, all the time french kissing me very passionately. Fuck sakes I was getting so hard.

"Oh my, That's such a big cock you've got there!"........Such a tease.

Julie kept stroking me as she kissed my ear lobes, then neck and then starting on my chest. 

"Poor thing doesn't have any lube, I'll have to fix that!"

I guess all my precum had been rubbed into my now stiff and throbbing cock. 

Julie threw back the covers and stared in the low lighting at my rod.

"You're certainly excited.....damn.... I don't think I've seen you this big before."

My cock had swelled to about seven inches and a good six and and a half inches around. The veins towards the base were even protruding and hard. That hadn't happened to that degree before, and yeah it kind of hurt.

She let out an mmmm sound, and moved between my legs. She grabbed my cock, just above the ring, with her left hand and pushed it back in toward the base. She then wrapped her right hand around and moved her mouth close to the head. She stuck out her tongue and gave a couple of light licks followed by a couple of kisses. Again...such a tease. Slowly she moved her lips down around the head and then off. 

Julie gave great blow jobs. She had only gotten me off like that a couple of times in the whole thirteen years that we had been together, but it never stopped her from trying

"Fuck...I don't know if I can do this...... I can hardly get my mouth around it....damn that's big....."

She sounded determined now.

Julie grabbed my cock tighter and moved her mouth back down, rocking her head side to side slowing working it in. Soon she had a couple of inches in and you could hear her inhale through her nose. Then she began to go to work. She kept her mouth in one spot, sucking me in and relaxing, letting the saliva trickle down between her hand and my shaft for some lube. She still kept the pressure on the cock ring as she began to pump my cock up and down with her hand, and suck on the top end.

"Ohh..baby. That feels so fucking good."

"Mmm hmmm" is all she could muster. 

My cock was soaked with her spit as her hand moved faster up and down my shaft, christ that felt so good.

Suddenly she popped her mouth away, moved up, and postioned my cock between her beautiful tits. 

Julie moved up and down, letting the soft flesh surround me.

"You like that don't ya, fucking my tits......Fuck em then, fuck my sweet tits"

I did as asked and started to pump my cock between her globes. Julie grabbed the sides and pushed them together, enveloping my cock even more.

"You gonna cum for me baby........ you wanna fill up my mouth....cum for me then.... gimme all that sweet cum....cum for me...cum for me...." 

And with that she jammed my cock back in to her mouth and totally changed her rythym. She now kept her hand still and started to squeeze and relax, squeeze and relax....bobbing her head down as far as she could go. Holy Fuck!! She had never done this before and wow! Mindblowing! I started to wonder where the hell she learned this technique from and my thoughts started going back to her sucking off her boss at the office. That scene in my head along with the scene in front of me was way too much.

"Fuck sakes Julie....Yesss... I gonna cum.....holy shit.......yes baby.....yes..."

"Mmmm...hmmmm.......mmmm..hmmm.." was all I heard in a muffle as she quickened her pace even more.

"Oh yeah baby...here ya go.....take my cum..suck it all out...take it...take it..."

I lost it. I leaned back and stiffened and let loose stream after stream of cum. Julie gagged as the first shots hit the back of her throat with a pretty powerful force.

She regained her composure and started to vigorously suck everything in pausing only long enough to swallow. Squeezing and sucking, squeezing and sucking...fuck that was soooo good. I finished shooting and she slowed her pace. She released my cock from her mouth after a couple of minutes and began licking up and down the sides, relishing what she just accomplished as I began to soften.

"Damn woman, that was unbelievable...I am totally spent". I was so relaxed. Sleeping was going to be so easy tonight.

"You're welcome sweetie, I don't know who enjoyed that more, me or you." Julie giggled as she got up to go to the bathroom.

After that I was out....