 Julie was making her way across the sand, stumbling through the best that she could. She had just been on an unexpected journey of her own, much to her daughters delight. Julie had been gone for about twenty five minutes, and had unknowingly given her daughter the perfect amount of time to set a plan in motion. If Julie only knew, but then, if Brad and Danielle only knew what she had been up to.

Julie walked away from the truck on the short-cut path toward the washroom change area. When she got there she looked out across the sand and noticed that no-one was around that end of the beach at all. "Weird for a Saturday", she thought, "This place has usually got a handful of people around". She readjusted her beach bag on her shoulder and went into a changing stall. She sat down and undid her bag pulling out her swimsuit and her cell phone from the bottom. She turned on the phone, set it aside and began to wriggle out of her shorts and top. She took off her panties and sat down on the rough wooden seat. She grabbed the phone and checked her e-mails. Her eyes lit up when she saw the one she had been hoping for.

"Can meet at the usual spot Sunday afternoon around 1? Let me know if all is a go."

"I have Danielle with me, will pawn her off on her dad and will see you then!" She licked her lips as she sent a reply back. 

Julie had been fucking around with her boss's son for the past three years. It had started off back then with playful flirting with Adam. And, as natural progression goes, it led to drinks and an invite for a night out and then eventually, bed. Her husband's intuition about her fucking someone at the office was bang on.

What started off as an innocent fling to help get her rocks off had turned into an affair of the heart as well. Brad may not have noticed anything if it had been only once or twice, but he knew something was amiss. She loved Adam for all that he had helped her through the past few years, but still had a deep love and devotion to Brad. By the time Brad got laid off, her bond with Adam had been well established. 

She was having a tough time getting back to what should have been a normal relationship with her husband and yet still kept turning lovers. Brad fucked her good, he had his own way of doing things and his size felt wonderful in bed. But her main lover, Adam, was equal in his own right. He had an thinner, eight inch cock that touched areas of her that no body else in her sex life ever did, and he had his own movements that were unique. She loved the fact that being a young twenty three, Adam was almost always hard and ready to go. She fucked him all over...in motels, in the park on her lunch break, in the back hatch of her truck, but did in fact get it most of the time bent over her desk at work after hours. She had sex with a few different guys here and there as well, but any other lovers that she had were just quick fucks to get off.

In the beginning, Julie had a tough time dealing with the guilt that went along with cheating. But, she had enough time between her visits with Brad that she was able to work around the discomfort and put up her wall, put on a different mask. Now, screwing around was old hat, just another way she was and did things. Hiding things from from her husband became a very dangerous but easy slope.

Julie started rubbing her pussy, thinking about an uninterrupted afternoon with Adam, when she heard soft whispering coming from outside the change room. 

She stood up and glanced around, quickly turning off her phone and packing it away along with her clothes. She hurredly threw on her swimsuit and bolted out the door to the back of the changeroom. She looked around and caught sight of a couple of teenage boys running down the forest path about twenty feet away. She looked at the back of the changeroom and noticed a small open hole that would be looking into the stall she would have been in.

"Those little pervs!" she said, and quickly started giving chase after them. She ran onto the forest path, glancing down at the footprints left in the dirt. The tracks abruptly stopped after about a hundred feet in and she knew she was close. She turned in the direction that the tracks indicated and headed off the path into the bush. She looked side to side as she went, she knew they had to be laying down hiding from her. She went in about another hundred feet off the path and stopped.

"Alright, you little fuckers, I know you're here!" she yelled out. "Get your asses out here right now!"

"Come on, get over her!" she yelled again as she looked around.

Slowly the two teens got up from their hiding spots, knowing that they had been caught.

"What the fuck do you two think you're doing?!? Julie said and started reading them the riot act.

"We're sorry miss." One young man finally stammered.

"Sorry? Damn right you're sorry. What the fuck, looking through holes in walls like some sort of peepshow. Haven't you ever seen a woman before?"

"No miss...well... just on pornos..." they said with lowered heads.

Julie had at that moment realized what she had inadvertently asked and what exactly had been replied. She suddenly realized, that she was hidden away in the forest, just her and two virgins. She stood still, not knowing what exactly to do. But soon her understanding of the situation led her to take control over the two innocent young men.

She started walking toward them, stripping off her swimsuit as she went. "Well then here, take a good look!"

The boys couldn't believe their eyes. They just wanted to get a naughty peek at some chicks body and were now staring at an unobstructed view of a full naked woman.

Julie leaned back on a nearby rock. "Come over here and lick my tits and pussy!" she commanded.

The boys looked at each other and slowly and cautiously walked over. Not knowing if they really should do what she had just asked, like it was some sort of trap.

They were both of slight build, eighteen, eager to learn and please. One was a ginger, shoulder length shaggy hair and pretty cute Julie thought. The other she thought was kind of an ugly duckling with a brush cut. 

The ginger kid knelt down and grabbed her tits, mashing them together and burying his face inbetween. The other slowly eased his way between her legs and unsuredly stuck out his tongue, making ever so slight contact with her outer pussy lips.

"Get your face in there and eat me!" Julie yelled and threw her leg over the boys shoulder and behind his back, pulling him right in tight in the process.

The brush cut kid only needed this simple prodding and eagerly started licking. They were both too over eager it seemed, and the inexperience really showed. The Ginger kid licked her tits all over flicking at her nipples, sucking them way too hard, and he kept mashing her tits together like he was kneading dough. The brush cut kid moved his mouth all over her pussy, sometimes hitting her clit with his teeth. It was a bit painful but Julie loved it just the same. She was turned on by the fact that she had two virgins having their way with her, the pain was mixed with pleasure as they did find the right spots to touch, and she had never had a threesome before. She definitely loved two people working on her body.

She shoved the ginger kid off and looked up at him. "Get those shorts off and let me suck your dick."

In a flash he stood up dropped his drawers and proudly displayed his hard, thin five inch cock.

Julie examined it and grabbed ahold of the shaft, giving it a few tugs, pulling the ginger over closer to her. She figured that she could easily take all this cock in her mouth.

"I want you to grab the back of my hair and fuck my mouth til you cum." she told the ginger. 

She turned over on the rock and looked back at the brush cut kid, " I want you to shove your cock all the way in and fuck the shit out of me."

She turned back to face the ginger. She looked up at him, opened her mouth and stared directly in his eyes as he shoved his cock past her lips. The ginger kid whimpered a little as his sensitive cock was finally being touched by a woman for the first time. It twitched in Julies mouth as he easily buried it up to the base. He withdrew up to the head and slid it back in all the way. 

"Mmmmmmmm", Julie moaned, and the sound in her mouth reverberated all through his cock, getting him weak in the knees.

Julie loved it. She was bringing absolute extasy to the poor boy and she was getting off on him pushing his cock all the way in her mouth. She couldn't deepthroat, and everyone else had been too big to face fuck her. She had always wanted this to happen and she was finally getting something crossed off her bucket list. She was also going to get another item off that list in another, unexpected way.

As the ginger started sliding in and out of Julie's mouth, the brush cut kid stood behind her staring at her wet, inviting pussy. He took off his shorts and started to stroke a nine and a half inch cock that was at least six inches round. This kid would make John Holmes pround and if Julie only knew what she was in for. She obviously underestimated him after seeing what his buddy had to offer. She never would have thought they made them in that size for such a young man.

The bush cut kid moved in and positioned himself at Julie's opening. He moved back and gathered some spit to lube his cock like he had seen them do on T.V. He placed a hand on her hip and guided the tip of his cock inside. He quickly put his other hand on her hip and did as instructed. He shoved everything he had as deep into Julie as he could get and began to thrust in and out. 

Julie knew as soon as he had started to slide the head in a little that something was different. She was getting stretched open and had no time to prepare herself. The sudden and powerful introduction of this huge cock into her pussy shot a wave of pain and pleasure through her whole body. Her eyes got as big as saucers and she tried to scream, but the ginger had ahold of her head and was pumping her mouth with everything he had. 

"AHHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMM", Her stifled screams only led to a quicker pace by the ginger as he felt every sound shoot through his dick. Julie slapped her hands on the rock and she tried to push up off of it. It did no good as the angle she was at didn't help her purpose, nor did the fact that the ginger was not letting go of her head, nor that the brush cut kid was pounding her hard from behind, pushing her back forward with every thrust. She had no choice but to ride it out, after all, they were only doing what she told them to do.

The pain inside her subsided as she started to get used to the size of the member pistoning in and out. Her hand stopped slapping out at the rock and instead searched for an edge she could hold on to. She started to notice only the combination of depth and fullness, she felt this big cock hitting all the right pressure points inside her. The shock was wearing off and her pleasure receptors were coming back on line. She started to moan louder and louder as she was furiously pumped from both ends. The ginger loved the sensation of noise on his cock and let out a few of his own ooooes and ohhhhs. All she could hear from the brush cut kid was heavy panting and grunting. Julie's awareness of everything came back tenfold.

"Uh...uh...uh.uh..mmmm hmm...mm.hmmm....mmmm hmmm...MMMMMMM HHMMMM.....MMMM...HHMMMM"

Her muffled noises grew louder and louder as she got closer to orgasm, until finally she was there. She grabbed the rock for support, spread her legs a little more and pushed back against the thick cock pounding her.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM", was all you could hear as she came. The brush cut kid kept pumping her, anyone else would have stopped and shoved their cock in, allowing her to tighten down and squeeze. But he kept going, which brought on another, then another, and yet another orgasm. Her pussy was literally sloshing from the muliple orgasms she had.

The ginger couldn't take anymore, all the sound going through his cock combined with the firm pressure that Julie put on him was too much.

"I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum.....oh my god... I'm gonna cum...."

Julie's attention focused back to the cock in her mouth and she increased the suction. 

"MMMMMM....MMMM...MMMM" was all she moaned as she sucked in anticipation.

"OH YEAH!!!" yelled the ginger. He grabbed her head, arched his back and buried his dick as deep as he could as he shot Julie's mouth full.

Julie sucked and swallowed the best she could. She was nothing but a dirty slut at the moment and she loved it. She loved having a cock in her mouth and up her twat, it was the most intense sex she'd ever had, even if it was with a couple of amateurs. The feeling of cum dripping out the side of her mouth and the extreme wetness between her legs lit her senses up like she had never known.

The ginger slid out of her mouth and Julie was finally able to fully catch her breath. The brush cut kid had never stopped jackhammering her since he started. They had all only been actually fucking for about three minutes, but it seemed so much longer. She had never had anyone pound her this long at such a steady pace and she was not about to complain.

Julie was finally able to straighten out her arms and slightly change the angle she was getting it from, which worked out in her favour.

"Oh jesus.....yes...yes...yes......oh my god......fuck me.......... fuck me......... fuck my pussy.....fuck that's so deep baby............fuck.....fuck...ohhhhhhh...........oooooooooooohhhhhhh.......OOOOOOOHHHHHH......I"M GONNA CUM AGAINNNNNNN.....OOOOOHHHHHHHH....

STAY STILL WHEN I CUM.....YES....YES...SHOVE IT DEEP WHEN I CUM..........FUCK....FUCK.......YEAH........YEAH........OHHHHHH........NOW BABY......OHHHHHHHHH......... I'M CUMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG"

The brush cut kid grabbed her hips and shoved his cock deep into her as Julie pushed back with all she had. She wailed as she ground her hips back on him. Her pussy tightened and convulsed along every inch of the huge cock inside her. Julie held her breath as she squirted out a bucketful of cum in the ultimate orgasm.

"OOOOOOHHHH....MMMMYYYYY....GODDDDDDDDDDD......oh my god....oh my god......holy shit....holy shit"

They stood there, locked together, not moving. Julie had just had the most intense orgasm of her life thanks to these two....well...more the huge cock inside her, but the facefucking helped her arousal too.

Julie caught her breath, "O.K. baby...your turn to cum... just go slow to start."

The brush cut kid was just dumbfounded. He was having the time of his life. The world could have ended tomorrow and he'd certainly die happy. He ran his hand over Julie's back and slowly pulled his cock out to the tip, then slowly shoved it all the way back in. He worked his cock in and out and started to up his pace.

"That's it baby...give me that big cock......take my little pussy....... take it baby........show me how much you want it.....fuck me.....fuck me..." Julie started with her talking.

"Yes baby....fuck this dirty slut....fuck my dirty slut pussy.....yes gimme that big hard cock."

The brush cut kid was starting to succumb to her charms. "Oh yeah...Take my cock you whore....take it....I'll fill your slut pussy with my cum"

"Yeah...that's it....slam my pussy baby....slam it....I know you wanna cum.....fuck me hard baby....fuck me real hard and fill me up.....fill up my pussy baby....."

The brush cut kid quickened his pace and slammed deep and hard into Julie, smooshing up her ass cheeks with each thrust. His breathing quickened and Julie could feel him swell a little more. She knew....luckily....that he was getting very close. Her pussy was so sore and she didn't know how much more she could take.

"OH YEAH BABY....OOOOHHHHH......FUCK FUCK.....YES BABY....FILL ME UP......FILL UP MY PUSSY.... CUM FOR ME....CUM FOR ME.....DO IT BABY....DO IT NOW...."

The brush cut kid started to stiffen,"OH YEAH....OH YEAH...OOOOOHHHH YEEAAAAAHHHHH". 

He again grabbed Julie's hips and buried his cock as deep as he could. Julie just whimpered and clamped her muscles around his cock as hard as she could. His cock twitched inside her over and over, dumping the biggest load of cum she had ever had. She started to cum again as the sensation of his cock and the feeling of swelling up like a balloon took over her. His cock shoved into her ever so slight with each spasm. Julie ground her hips back and forth against him and put her head down on her hands. She had never been so full, she had never been so relaxed, she had never been so sore.

"Stay inside me, don't pull out yet" she demanded.

The brush cut kid stayed still, letting his cock soften inside Julie. When she was ready Julie started to straighten up slowly letting his cock slide out. She bit her lip and whimpered as inch after inch slipped away. She could feel the cum start to drip down the inside of her thighs. She let out a final OoooHHH as the last bit fell away from her. She turned and sat on the rock, legs vibrating.

"Holy shit!" was all she could manage. Cum leaked out of her and down the flat face of the rock. She turned to look at the cock she just had in her and was amazed that even soft it looked like a good six inches. Baggy shorts hid that well, she thought.

She reached out and grabbed the brush cut kids cock and stroked it a few times, leaned over a gave a few sucks. 

"That is one amazing dick that you have there. We will definitely have to get together again. What's your name anyways?"

"Name's Tom, and that's Evan. I don't know how to thank you...um..."

"Julie" she said, "Sorry to not get into names before we started but it didn't seem important at the time."

"Yeah." The boys laughed.

"Well I hope you both enjoyed yourselves, I know I sure as hell did." Julie stated as she got up and started to get her swimsuit on again. "How can I get ahold of you boys again? You got a cell number or something?". She retrieved her phone from the bottom of her bag.

"Yeah, I've got a cell." Tom gave the number and Julie input into her directory.

"Thanks again boys." and she moved to give them each a kiss on the lips, "I'll be in touch."

Julie stumbled back through the forest to the pathway. She was having trouble walking and cum dribbled out of her and down the inside of her thighs with every step. Her legs were all rubbery and she wished she could just lay down and have a nap. She made her way back down the path and headed to the washrooms. Once there she went into a stall and pulled her swimsuit to the side sat down. Julie spread her legs and rubbed her twat tenderly. She was absolutely soaked and she still had a ton of cum inside her. She squeezed and pushed out as much as she could. She shoved in a couple of fingers to try and help the process.

"Owwwwww..." Everything was way too sensitive to the touch. It was more painful than pleasurable now. She figured there must have been a quarter cup of cum that had been in there. Julie grabbed a tampon out of her emergency kit in the bag and eased it in place. She wasn't even sure if it would stay with how stretched she was, but she needed to make every attempt to keep anything from leaking out anymore. She took out her birth control pills and swallowed one, another thing that her husband knew nothing about. He was fixed, but with all her exploits, she needed the precaution. She reached for her phone and examined the phone number she was just given. she entered the contacts and found Adams text message.

She stared at the screen for a couple of minutes.

"Bring a friend" she typed in, sent it off and smiled

Julie returned everything to her bag, leaned forward and placed her forehead in her hand. She sat there and reached down with her other hand to cradle her pussy. She had just had her first threesome, she finally was forcefully facefucked, she now had a pretty damn good idea what it was like to be with a black guy, and she had had the biggest orgasm ever. Life is good.
