 Winter became spring. Spring turned to summer and summer became fall. 

I continued my intimate relationship with Laura. We had to be a bit careful. Fortunately, her husband, Rick, travels quite often for his business. It gave ample opportunity for Laura to "need help" with various projects. Shealso had me start mowing their lawn - saying it was a money saving measure. I'm sure it did save them money, compared to a lawn care company, but the fringe benefits I received were outstanding!

By fall I was ready to move a couple hours from home to the large state university. I knew my sex life was going to slow dowm without a hot neighbor to screw. I was still pretty shy around girls, even with gaining sexual experience with Laura. 

Even though we weren't supposed to have alcohol in our dorm rooms, that didn't stop it from happening. As long as we kept our doors closed and weren't too terribly loud, we would be okay. My dorm alternated floors by gender. I was on second floor. Third floor was a women's floor. One of the first weekends my roommate, Tony, and I were walking around the dorm (and this place was huge. Largest on campus.) looking for people to meet, maybe talk to, have a drink with. It was a common practice. Anyway, on third floor we saw an open door and peered in. We saw two lovelies watching TV and talking. We noticed they had some booze on one of their desks. We knocked and pretended to be resident advisors and used stern voices to say, "Ahem, ladies. We see that bottle over there and need to confiscate it or turn you in to the dean."

The girls got a frightened look and then Tony and I busted up laughing. We reassured them that we were just two schlups from downstairs. The girls laughed and invited us in for a drink. They were having rum and coke. I made sure to close the door so we wouldn't have any problems for real. 

The girls names were Shawna and Macie. Macie was blonde and had an unreal set of jacks on her. The rest of her body was slim so her boobs were really pronounced. Shawna was one of the most gorgeous brunettes I had ever seen. She had a charismatic smile and the most incredible dark brown eyes. She had a tattoo on her tan complexioned shoulder. 

After a few drinks Shawna needed to use the restroom and asked me to come stand guard as they had learned that drunk guys don't care which floor they are on when they have to pee. (This is an old dorm. All restrooms are one per section, per floor. No private bathrooms. Freshmen often got put in this dorm.)

I stood outside the bathroom and waited for Shawna. When I came back out she saw me leaning against the wall across from the door. She made a beeline to me and planted a hot kiss on me. I returned the kiss and felt stirring in my loins. Shawna said, "Let's leave Macie and Tony alone. Let's go to your room." 

I took her hand and led her downstairs. Once in the room I texted Tony and told him to not come back until I gave the okay. 

By the time I turned around, Shawna had her top off and was sitting on the futon under my lofted bed. Her tan skin contrasting beautifully against the white lace of her bra. I quickly moved over and sat next to her, pulling her to me and making out, our hands groping, our lips and tongues all over each other. I slid my left hand inside the top of her shorts and pushed it southward finding no resistance from this hottie and also no public hair. I found her wetness and slipped my fingers around her lips and then to her clit, which made her buck and moan. I felt her tongue go deeper into my mouth as she grabbed my forearm and held my hand right to her mound. Her hips started humping my mound. 

Shawna started begging to be fucked. "Oh, I need cock, Jay!" she said in sputtering phrases. "I broke up with my boyfriend earlier in the summer and I haven't been fucked since!" 

I stood up and moved to my closet and chest of drawers to get a condom. Meanwhile Shawna stripped completely naked. I turned around and removed my shirt and she crawled over and pulled down my shorts and started stroking my cock. Her eyes got big and she declared, "Oh my fucking god! I haven't fucked a cock this big! I want it! Now!"

She sucked on my cock a few times before grabbing the rubber and unrolling it onto my shaft. She laid back on the futon and spread her legs wide. I knelt down and rubbed the head of my cock against her wet slit. Shawna was begging me to fuck her. I slipped the head inside her and heard her gasp. Then I plunged deep and heard her groan and then moan with pleasure. Her pussy was tighter than the only other one I had experienced, Laura's. Shawna wrapped her legs around my waist and kept me pulled deep into her. She grunted and moaned with each thrust I gave her. She started panting harder and I sensed that she was about to have an orgasm. I felt the heat of her pussy as she wailed and let loose with her cumming. This made me drill her harder until I arched my back and gave her one last, big, thrust and my cum filled the reservoir tip of the rubber. 

I collapsed on top of her before rolling to a side. I chuckled as I said, "I guess this is our welcome to the university. Go team!"

Shawna laughed and we kissed for awhile before getting dressed and walking back upstairs to her dorm room. When we got there we could hear sounds of passion and I heard Tony's voice say, "Swallow it, Macie!"

Shawna and I laughed and I took her hand as we went for a walk to give Tony and Macie some time. 

Later that night before going to bed, I texted Laura and told her what had happened. I was wondering if she would be mad. 

It was the complete opposite. She said she was extremely happy for me and wanted me to enjoy college and fuck as many other girls as I wanted, as long as I saved some cock for her!

I told her that would be no problem. Then she surprised me and said she was coming to town the next weekend so to not make plans other than to fuck her silly in her hotel room.