 This story idea 'came' to me while I was riding in NYC cab recently. The cabbie was very flirty. I always enjoy verbal banter especially when the conversation turns sexual! As you might guess after reading the story I am the tall blonde. The cab driver though is innocent. I promise! If he knew our innocent ride would turn into such an erotic fuck fest story he would probably be shocked! I'd love to read your feedback and please remember to vote! Love 

*****

Finding a cab during a rainstorm in New York City was the most impossible task on earth. A sea of slick, sodden cabs hurried along 5th Avenue, every single one filled with passengers on this dreary late afternoon. Thunder pounded overhead and was drowned out only by the rain pelting the streets and sidewalks in a fury. 

Julia spent the day at the New York City library. The enormous stone structure insulated her in its tomb like edifice from the clamor of the frenzied storm. She marveled over the tons of books lining innumerable shelves while ensconced inside the massive structure lost in thought as, thunder and lightning clashed in a chaos-ridden cacophony. 

As Julia emerged from the building the severity of the weather hit her, literally. Wind blew in sweeping gusts and the rain carried in its path in a punishing angular wet trajectory. The enormous Doric columns that flanked the structure appeared to be weeping as the rain cascaded and drenched the stone. The great lion remained still and stoic as the rain bombard the great beasts stone fur. People dashed about the streets in a panic, desperate to hail any cab available. They filtered into subway tunnel entrances like colonies of terrified ants.

Julia was dressed in perfectly cuffed white linen boy shorts that prominently enhanced her tone and tanned long legs. An expensive delicate cap sleeved white silk summer blouse was buttoned low and emphasized the soft swells of her large breasts. A lacy white bra barely held the overflow of her cleavage. She was already drenched, the dainty fabric of her shirt soaked. Her nipples were ridged and poked through the flimsy bra. Goose flesh, from the sudden atmospheric chill, dotted the pretty pink areola surrounding her luscious buds. 

The downpour flooded the streets. Water splashed against and sluiced in the indentations and trenches near the dirty worn sidewalks. Like her, most pedestrians were caught off guard. Newspapers, book bags, briefcases, purses and coats made makeshift but inadequate protection. Everyone was becoming a sopping mess. The well polished and hyper groomed Manhattan business set now resembled drowned rodents. 

Perceptive weather observers though could have predicted the precipitation onslaught. The steamy July air was so balmy and humid the last two days you could nearly sip it. Julia's long blonde hair hung in strings down her back and the rain rolled off the locks and dripped and soaked into her already saturated blouse. The fabric was ruined, no doubt about that.

Julia stepped off the granite steps and onto the street then smack in the middle of a deep dirty puddle. Her brand new pretty sandals were drenched.

"Damn, this really sucks!" She cursed aloud. 

Her already foul mood was made worse by the sudden shitty weather. Twenty-one days, sixteen hours since her last lust ridden fuck session with a stranger. Sexual addiction, nymphomania, sex with strangers that was Julia's therapist's clinical definition of her mental disorder was. Short and sweet; she was addicted to having sex with strangers in public places. There, she said it aloud to herself and made the disorder a grim reality. Her 'problem' rolled around in her brain like cumbersome lead ball of moral judgment. As in AA acknowledgement was the first step toward recovery. 

The primal fear and danger of fucking a total stranger where they could easily be caught was her one and only highly addictive drug. The adrenaline rush was intoxicating, better than alcohol, drugs. She could've entered rehab numerous times and she'd probably be in intensive therapy the rest of her life but that sexual itch would always gnaw at her incessantly. Julia knew her behavior as dangerous even quite possibly lethal but the thrill of being penetrated and fucked hard by a stranger was more intense then any pleasurable activity she experienced and outweighed the numerous dangers and risks. Julia searched continually for the next 'hit.' She constantly craved a stranger's hard cock in her pussy. 

Her longings and urges though were so incredibly difficult to control, especially in a city with millions and millions of people. Julia was constantly sexually over stimulated as she bumped shoulders, arms and other body parts with the sweating and over heated crowds on the sidewalks of New York City. 'Christ, there were so many fuck-able men in this city.' She thought. The sensations were overpowering. 

Julia hid her secret well. She was a well-educated, upper class and successful. She was still smoking hot even in her late forties. She dressed well and didn't show too much cleavage or leg but enough for folks to realize she was very comfortable in her skin. 

Many years ago people would look at her and think she had the perfect life. She was beautiful and was once married to an equally successful man, had a sprawling dream home in the Boston suburbs and was a published author. If the PTO ever knew she once craved a hard fuck with most of the husbands they'd be stunned. 

Julia became a sex addict shortly after she hit puberty. During her 20's she attempted to live like a 'normal' woman and even got married. She tried very hard to keep her secret cravings and insatiable appetite for sex under control for her families sake. Julia would watch pornography and masturbate incessantly trying to scratch the terrible itch and ignore the raw cravings. 

After while though she couldn't live the lie or put her husband through any more deceit. She was not the woman he thought he knew. She never was. Julia had to admit grimly, she'd been a damn good actress all these years. 

He was married to a stranger. Nearly 13 years ago she revealed her true self to him. Explained in great detail about constant deviant predilections. He was crushed and heartbroken. Julia thought coming clean was better than the alternative of fucking around constantly behind his back while trying to maintain the façade that they had of a perfect marriage.

He begged her get help. As the vice president of a major biotech firm in Boston, Jack had stellar connections through his industry and began to diligently pursue helping her. He researched the best recovery centers, the best psychiatrist, and the best of everything to help his beautiful wife. In the end though he just couldn't accept that Julia was the one who needed to change and she just couldn't. Her unusual and destructive behaviors were too deeply ingrained in the hard wring of her fucked up brain, 

Eventually though he moved out but even now after all these years her husband never filed for divorce. Jack lived in denial and was constantly 'stalled' in the 'bargaining' phase of an inevitable grieving process at the dissolution of their marriage. He figured she would 'get it out of her system' come to her senses and come back to him, back to their once seemingly perfect marriage. 

After he moved out Julia began to hunt once again for strange men to fuck. For the sake of her family and friends and to keep her reputation as a 'pillar of decorum' in the community she kept her hunting grounds far away from her so-called suburban utopia. Her sessions with a variety of became a nearly nightly routine. She occasionally she had unprotected sex and let them come in her. Julia knew it was wrong and dangerous but she loved the look of pure ecstasy on her partners face as he ejaculated deeply inside her. The feel of his cock swelling in her before he shot his load always propelled her into an intense orgasm. 

She sought real help only after engaging in unprotected sex with a man she discovered was a high risk bisexual and even more reckless then she was. The thought of being stricken with an STD or dying from aids and leaving a college age daughter in severe grief and pain was a scary and deafening wake up call. So he sought therapy and joined a sexual addiction support group with people who all wanted to screw each other. The irony of that situation was laughable. 

The rain continued to pummel her body. Thunder cracked and sizzled overhead and rumbled and echoed ominously across the tall buildings. Julia closed her eyes a moment and decided to take action. She had a sure fire way to grab a cabbies attention all right. 

She unbuttoned her soaked blouse until her cleavage spilled out and the lace of her bra peeked out an inch. She pushed up her breasts so the creamy abundant flesh spilled out even more. A fraction of the rosy pinks of her areolas peeked out ever so shyly. Her nipples were stone hard and poked though the wet shirt. Nothing was left to the imagination, her entire breast, rosy pink nipples were unabashedly plain as day through her white sheer top. Julia stepped to the curb held out her arm.

"Taxi!" She shouted. 

After a moment a taxi with an illuminated "off duty' light noticed her in traffic a from a few cars behind. He recklessly maneuvered his way through a congested 5th Avenue, nearly crashing into and royally pissing off three other drivers. Horns blared, middle fingers were extended but the taxi driver' didn't notice or care. His eyes were glued intently on the tall, busty blonde standing in the rain in an obscenely dripping wet sheer shirt. 

He screeched to the curb. Julia jumped back quickly avoiding a spray of dirty water from the taxis sudden maneuver. She smiled and walked toward the yellow vehicle. The cabbie jabbed his finger onto the passenger's side automatic window release button. She leaned in just enough so her blouse hung open and revealed the pretty lacy bra. The fabric gapped enough so her nipples were visible. He couldn't take his eyes off her tits and he strained to make eye contact.

"Where do you want to go?" He asked point blank. 

The cabbie was a thirty something Pakistani or of some middle-eastern descent. Either way he was a picture of raw masculinity and exotic swarthy good looks. His skin was a light mocha color and his eyes were enormous dark brown almonds fringed in long lush eyelashes. His head was covered in thick sooty black curls. 

"Aren't you off duty? I wouldn't want to trouble you." 

Julia's body began to tingle and throb with need. Middle Eastern men were some of the most beautiful creatures placed on earth. She had never fucked one but they were rumored to be excellent lovers. Christ! She shouldn't even be thinking about sex now. But he was so very intriguing, exotic unreachable. 'You have to watch out for the quite ones." Her mother would always say. Boy, nine times out of ten wasn't that the truth. Julia's most intense sex encounters were with the really quite, unassuming men.

"I will decide that once you tell me where you going." He was curt; his accent heavy, his expression was stoic and guarded.

"Ritz Carleton, Battery Park. Is that too far? I really don't want to trouble you." 

"I'm going to Brooklyn. I will take you to your hotel in Battery Park." He said blankly, his expression still grim. 

"Thank you so much sir, I will be so much in your debt." 

She stared at him intently and hoped he caught her thinly veiled seductive implication. Yet his expression remained unreadable. She licked her lips and thought this just might not be such a shitty day after all.

Once she was inside the cab Julia sighed with relief. Rain pelted the metal roof unmercifully. The hyper stimulating noises of the city were muffled in the enclosed space. Julia was thankful for the quite serenity. Windshield wipers thumped madly against glass barely able to keep the rain at bay. 

The cabbie set the meter then pulled away from the curb. Julia noticed him staring at her in his rearview mirror when he thought she wasn't looking. But Julia was a hunter. She was highly in tune with all her senses. Now though the hunter had become the hunted. She knew he was stalking her. The thrill of this chase made her wet with need. His large dark eyes seemed to bore into her soul. She smiled discreetly and was very pleased with herself.

"Do you like what you see?" She said seductively when she caught him staring again. The cabbies eyes widened in utter disbelief.

"Excuse me...miss?" He stammered. 

"Sorry, the rain must be drowning out my voice. I asked if you like what you see...in your cab, the very, very wet woman who is dripping all over your seat? I have created quite a mess and I'm very sorry. How can I make it up to you?" Her voice oozed with sexual innuendos. 

Julia was determined this exotic and tantalizing man would fuck her tonight. Screw it, literally! She needed a man between her legs. She had to feel his hot mouth all over her making her wet. Teasing her with his tongue and licking her to orgasm then pounding her senseless. 

The cabbie was a caution man though. She had to make sure he completely understood her meaning without insulting his customs or culture. She was a well-educated, mature and classy woman; this would be a piece of cake. 

"I do not understand your meaning Miss." He peered once again in the mirror at her but the pupils in black eyes were now huge and Julia was sure smoldered with desire. 

Julia glanced at his cab license posted on the partition. There was a photo of him inserted into the placard. He indeed was handsome but more so in person. A perfectly oval shaped face was unsmiling and even grim though. The cabbies name on the placard underneath his photo read Imran Akram. 'Imran' she murmured, Imran with those deep, brooding eyes! She wanted to comb her fingers through his inky black luscious hair while he was straddling her, penetrating her with deep and punishing thrusts, his mocha brown body melting into hers. 

"Imran...I mean Mr. Akram." She spoke carefully and clearly to make sure her intent left no meaning open to interpretation.

"You are one of the most handsome men I've ever met. Strong and bold men like you make me very hot and wet. Do you know how wet my pussy is right now just thinking about your strong, muscular hands all over my body and your cock buried deep inside me? 

Her voice was soft and sexy, almost a loud whisper, but echoed throughout the cab. Julia knew he heard every single word she spoke. Imran's eyes suddenly melted into her with the most intense smoldering stare. The cab jerked violently to the left. Julia bounced violently and nearly snacked her head against the dingy black seat cushion. Angry car horns blared and the sound of screeching tires filled the air. She pressed her palms into the seat to steady herself. She knew she had an intense effect on the male population but she hadn't expected her words to nearly cause accident.

"Miss are you alright? "I'm so sorry Miss." 

Imran spun around to face her for a split second. He was ashen and panic stricken. Genuine concern replaced his formidable, detached demeanor. His eyes bore into Julia but smiled to reassure him.

"Keep your eyes on the road, tiger. If you get into an accident you'll miss all the wonderful entertainment I have planned for you." 

She licked her lips. With slow, methodical precision she hooked her thumbs under the straps of her bra and pushed the sateen fabric off both shoulders slowly and seductively. The fabric sled off her nipples and both breasts were now fully exposed. Julia began to lightly pinch and twist each sensitive pink bud. She closed her eyes and moaned. 

Julia then unzipped the linen shorts. While one hand fondled her breast the other slid slowly inside the garment and reached the juncture of her neatly shaved labia, now soaking wet with arousal. She slid a finger inside her slick entrance. She pulled out then eased her middle finger into the swollen folds and began to tease her clit. The scent and sound of her slippery wet pussy juices filled the enclosed space, replacing the smell of the stale, musty cab with her intoxicating wild arousal.

Julia thought a moment. The cabbie may be absolutely mortified, horrified by such a pornographic sexual act. Maybe he was in shock but she knew deep down all straight men would have a throbbing hard-on watching her erotic display. Beads of perspiration dripped down his furrowed brow. His knuckles gripped the sterling wheel so tight they were bright white. 

Julia continued to stimulate her nipples and rub her swollen nub. She continued to moan and pant. God did he have any idea how much she needed his thick meat in her? 

"Do you want a taste, Imran? My fingers are coated in my tasty honey. Would you like to lick my fingers clean?"

He wiped his brow and spat out indistinguishable words in Arabic. She leaned forward, closer to him. The sound of her wet flesh dragging across the fabric made a loud rubbing noise as her buttocks rested on the edge of the seat. She slowly eased her hand through the open window offering the gift to him. After a few moments Julia feared he would reject her most intimate present. Would the cabbie scream a tirade of insults at her? Call her abomination to Allah...an unholy slut? Would he pull over to the curb and toss her out on her ass? 

Imran seized her hand for a long moment. Julia was shocked how strong his grip was. She panicked for a split second. Was he going to break her hand? He only gazed at her flesh covered in arousal then slowly eased her pinky into his mouth and groaned loudly. The cabbie swirled his tongue over her finger, licking the digit clean as he savored the salty, sweet taste of her. He was slow and methodical and gifted the same loving attention to each finger, licking, sucking and tasting each pretty creamy white digit. 

Julia continued to rub her swollen flesh, making her even wetter. Imran continued to lick her fingers slowly. A climax built intensely within her. The taxi's seat cushion was covered in her arousal as more and more of her sweet honey oozed from her highly aroused body. Then sweet ecstasy as a leg shaking orgasm hit her. Her body froze only a moment then pure lustful pleasure swept her over the edge. Her pussy convulsed, more juice flowed from her swollen lips. Electrical jolts emanated from the center of her clit and shocked her with complete pleasure, lust and bliss. 

"Ohhh Imran! My handsome Imran, you made me come!" She shouted.

Julia shut her eyes and cried in a pure blissful frenzy. He kept a steady and sure grip on her, kissing her palm intently while she continued to climax.

"Uh...ah...uh, ah! She continued to grunt and moan, seduced by unadulterated pleasure as her body convulsed and shattered.

As her orgasm faded into soft, more gentle rhythmic contractions, she panted heavily. She rested her head against the cabs partition. The solid divider kept her from making closer bodily contact with him. She wanted to melt into him. Imran kept a powerful grip on her hand and for the next few moments they were silent. 

Rainwater sluiced under the tires. The steady downpour began to wane. Julia managed to finally catch her breath as her heartbeat became steadier. Imran continued to hold her hand tightly afraid if he released her she would fly away into his erotic, thought-consuming imagination. Was this really happening or was this just another of his many erotic fantasies playing out in agonizing details in his daydreams?

"Imran." Julia pointed out the window on the left side of the cab. "There, over the Hudson River, a rainbow." 

Julia pointed into the horizon over the tall buildings into New Jersey. Arched uniformed rows of bright colors lit the approaching night sky. He craned his neck to peer out the left side window and squeezed her hand tighter in an unspoken act of acknowledgement. She was pleased he was as passionate as she'd hoped. He kissed her hand again then began to slowly lick and suck on the webbing between her fingers. His mustache tickled her sensitive skin. She giggled and tried to pull away but he held her in an iron grip. His hand was warm and strong.
