 Kevin sat in the waiting room edgily. He really didn't want to be there, but Sam said she'd be there in five minutes.

'Christ, how did this happen?' Kevin thought to himself, running his hand through his brown hair.

He and Sam had been together six years and married for three years. 

Here he was in the waiting room of a couples' counsellor.

They had been great together over the years, yet things had become strained between them. Work was hectic, evenings were wearied and irritable. Kevin was frustrated and Sam at her nerve's end.

Kevin thought things were really out of hand when Sam suggested this, but admitted to himself that better this than anything more extreme.

He was disturbed from his thoughts by Sam arriving.

She was still beautiful to Kevin. Slender, brunette, with a well maintained figure, a stylish professional outfit, yet her demeanour was more tired than it had been. Kevin was no slouch himself, tall, toned, yet not as striking as his wife was, at least in his opinion.

"Sorry I'm late. Will we head in?" Sam asked rhetorically before walking over and knocking on the door.

A moment of brief silence before they both heard a low voice.

"Come in." 

Kevin followed Sam into a well lit office, walled with tall bookshelves, tastefully decorated and dominated by a large mahogany desk.

Facing them was Dr Alex James, their counsellor.

She was pale, with vibrant, dark red hair. That was what caught Kevin's eye the most. Not her deep blue eyes, her fine features or her red lips. That scarlet, almost violent red hair.

She stood and shook Sam's, then Kevin's hand.

They were soft and warm, yet firm. 

"Please sit down. Can I get you anything?" Dr James asked.

"No, we're fine." Sam replied shortly.

"So, Mr and Mrs Grant, what can I help you with?" Dr James asked.

"Well Dr James, we think we need to work on our communication and certain issues we've been having," Sam answered.

Dr James looked from Sam to Kevin and back.

"Ok Mr and Mrs Grant, how I approach this sort of area is I will not see you both on a regular basis, not at least until I have a good grounding in this particular case," Dr James explained.

Kevin gritted his teeth and Sam audibly 'humphed' at this.

"My reasoning is, in issues like this, I don't want either of you to feel hesitant to raise an issue for fear of your partner's reaction and not encourage constructive progress. Also, I would prefer to hear each of your issues and perspectives for myself before I moderate any future discussions," Dr James explained.

Kevin blinked at that. It was certainly a different approach, that sounded positive to him. Sam also seemed more mollified.

"How it would work would be I see you both once a week to have one on one discussions. The billing works at rate equal to a single hour of 'couples therapy', but I actually see both of you individually. This way you pay the same amount for my different approach, because I know a lot of people don't want to fork over money on an 'alternative' approach," Dr James joked.

Kevin smirked at that.

"So, do either of you have any questions?" Dr James asked.

"That couch over there? Do you really use that?" Kevin asked.

Sam rolled her eyes.

"No, but I keep it to mollify people so they feel like I'm an actual therapist," Dr James chuckled.

"How long would the individual sessions last for?" Sam asked quizzically.

The smile was replaced with a more business like demeanour.

"Honestly, I can't know. It will depend on how well you both engage in the therapy process and how long it takes me to get a handle on this case. In any case, today is no charge. But would you like to proceed?" Dr James said.

Kevin looked at Sam. She nodded at him.

"I suppose we'll try it out," Kevin said.

"Okay, well Mrs Grant, I can see you tomorrow at 2PM?" Dr James said, after scanning her computer screen.

"Tomorrow?" Sam remarked incredulously.

Dr James looked at her.

"Well yes, so we can get this process going. This can take a while, so I believe in hitting the ground running," Dr James commented.

Sam's expression shifted to resolution.

"Sure, whatever you think." Sam answered surely.

"Mr Grant could we say Wednesday at 5PM?" Dr James asked.

"Sure, whatever you say doc," Kevin agreed with a smile. He had always wanted to say that.

Dr James gave a shadow of a smile at that.

She stood and shook both Kevin and Sam's hands.

"I'll see you both soon so," Dr James said.

They left the office and the practice before heading downstairs.

In the stairwell Sam stopped Kevin.

"So what do you think?" she asked him.

"I think it's a different way of going about it, but it sounds promising," Kevin admitted.

"She seemed to be a bit jokey," Sam responded.

"Well I suppose she wanted to relieve a bit of tension, I suppose it isn't a cheery job," Kevin observed.

"True. I just hope she can deliver is all," Sam said and started walking down the stairs again.

***

The next evening came with Kevin and Sam sitting down to dinner.

"So how'd it go with Dr James?" Kevin asked.

"It was...good. She was quite forthright and I think I may have to get used to that, but I appreciated it." Sam confessed.

"That sounds good," Kevin said.

"Yeah, we just laid out some points and then started delving into them," Sam added.

"That sounds pretty good, something for me to look forward to tomorrow." Kevin joked.

Sam made a face at him.

"Please take it seriously, I know you enjoy a laugh but I don't think Dr James will appreciate it," Sam remarked.

That soured Kevin's mood immediately.

They ate the remainder of the meal in silence.

***

"You can head on in," the assistant said upon Kevin's arrival.

He didn't even have to sit in the waiting room, pretending to read a magazine.

'Thank Christ, last thing I need after a long day. Let's just knock this out,' Kevin thought to himself.

Kevin walked into the office to see Dr James working on her computer.

He tentatively approached and sat in the padded chair on the left side, as he had two days previously.

He had just settled in before Dr James looked at him.

She smiled.

"Mr Grant, I'm sorry. I think that emails will be the reason I'll end up going for therapy," Dr James sighed.

Kevin chuckled at that.

"I know the feeling. But maybe you'll get a discount," Kevin added.

Dr James laughed at that.

"That's a good one I'll have to keep in mind Mr Grant," Dr James said.

"As long as you credit me and call me Kevin," Kevin replied.

"I will indeed, Kevin," she replied, emphasising his name.

"Please call me Alex. I don't want you to think of this as a formal environment. Would you please mind heading over to the couch?" Alex asked Kevin.

"I thought you said you didn't really use it," Kevin remarked.

"Well Mr- I mean Kevin. Every case is different," Alex answered.

"Alright, whatever you say doc," Kevin acquiesced.

"Yes. Those are the doctor's orders." Alex chuckled.

Kevin settled back on the couch and looked to the right to see Alex in a large chair.

He noticed her long, slender legs alongside him.

She was wearing black high heels, black stockings, that stretched up to a black skirt.

Kevin hadn't noticed her figure before and found himself drifting off.

"So Kevin, you seem to enjoy humour. But Sam doesn't seem to. Was that always the case?" Alex asked.

Kevin paused, he hadn't expected that sort of question.

"Em, no. She said she loved my sense of humour to be honest. It seems lately it just grates on her," Kevin admitted.

"Okay, would you consider Sam to have become more 'uptight'?" Alex asked.

"Well she doesn't find my stupid jokes funny but-" Kevin began.

"Stupid is an interesting word there. It suggests you think it's your fault. But I mean more generally?" Alex persisted.

Kevin was processing her last remark, he had never considered the truth in that.

"Well what do you mean generally?" Kevin asked.

"Well in similar cases, I've heard husbands say that they wouldn't be free to use their computer for 'relief', as an example," Alex explained.

"That's a polite word, 'relief'." Kevin chuckled.

Alex grinned wryly at that.

"Well this is work for me and I'm just trying to be appropriate," Alex retorted.

She paused, before her grin widened.

"Fine, porn," Alex said brazenly.

"Well, Sam doesn't really appreciate it," Kevin answered.

"Ok. Would you and Sam enjoy 'each other's company' often in a week?" Alex asked.

Kevin laughed at that, at both the polite evasion and a little from surprise. He really hadn't expected the topics to be like this, this early at least.

"Well we used to more, but not a huge amount in recent times. Which has been an issue of mine and I've tried raising it. There hasn't been a favourable response yet. Which I know is a cliché, the husband wants to have sex more," Kevin joked.

"Well yes on one hand, but if you've tried raising the issue and it hasn't been addressed in a constructive manner at least, then it is an issue. Having sex-" Alex began, before she caught herself.

Kevin laughed at that.

"You said it this time," Kevin teased her.

Alex giggled.

"You're right. But seriously, having sex and finding satisfaction is important. If you feel that relief in that sense may relieve tension and perhaps may make you more agreeable in discussions with Sam, then I would say that satisfaction may help your marriage," Alex reasoned.

Kevin took a moment to process that.

"So you're saying watching porn may help my marriage?" Kevin asked disbelievingly.

"Well porn is one way of finding satisfaction, I think regardless of how, if you can find satisfaction, that should ease your frustration and help your mental state," Alex answered.

The rest of the session passed quickly.

Kevin felt his gaze drift to his right a few times, but soon they were done.

"So Kevin, what did you think of our first session?" Alex asked him when he stood up.

As he stood he took in her, black heels, black stockings, black skirt, white blouse, pale skin, red lips, blue eyes and red hair.

"Pretty great," Kevin answered.

"Good, I'm going to say same time next week?" Alex asked.

"Whatever you say doc," Kevin answered.

"Doctor's orders" she smiled and shook his hand.

Kevin was conscious of the soft warmth of her hands.

"Bye," Kevin said.

***

"So, what did you think?" Sam asked him over dinner.

"Yeah she's sharp with the questions," Kevin commented.

"I like that she keeps it professional," Sam remarked.

"What do you mean?" Kevin asked.

"Well she doesn't do that first name stuff, she's aware this is a formal setting and doesn't force the pleasantries," Sam explained.

Kevin paused at this. 'Every case is different' echoed in his mind.

"What did you think of the chairs? I thought they sort of poked into my back," Kevin asked probingly.

"I thought they were fine, besides it's only an hour," Sam commented.

"Yeah. I suppose you're right," Kevin agreed, curious to see what other differences in their sessions there may be.

***

Kevin lay in the dark, feeling tense. Sam said she was tired and turned in.

Kevin thought for a moment and realised he couldn't sleep like this.

He carefully got out of bed and slipped into the office across the hall.

He opened the laptop and muted the volume.

He was on edge, his ears straining. He felt like a teenager again.

He looked up an adult site and scrolled through galleries and videos.

His hand found his stiff member and began stroking.

He spotted a video with a slender brunette and was about to click it before he spotted a thumbnail in the bottom right corner.

It was of a porcelain skinned redhead masturbating on a bed.

Kevin clicked on it and plugged in his headphones, unmuting the computer.

He was ensnared by the fiery haired beauty moaning and crying with pleasure.

He closed his eyes as his pleasure built, he was close.

He opened his eyes as the camera panned around the beauty until it was behind her.

Kevin looked at the redheaded beauty whose face he couldn't see and stroked himself.

As her moans reached fever pitch, Kevin came strongly.

He closed the laptop and panted with pleasure.

He cleaned himself up and crawled back into bed.

'Fuck that feels better' Kevin sighed.

***

The next week rolled around and Kevin once again arrived at Dr Alex James' practice.

He entered the waiting room and was told to immediately go on in.

Kevin opened the door and closed it behind him.

"Kevin, good to see you," Alex greeted him and shook his hand with a warm smile.

"Hi Alex," Kevin replied with a smile.

"Care to head over to the couch?" Alex asked him, gesturing to the couch.

Kevin walked over and settled in as Alex sat in the large chair and crossed her legs.

Kevin was about to make a comment he had in his mind but was distracted by the waft of Alex's perfume and the sight of her shapely, stockinged legs.

"Something on your mind?" Alex asked Kevin with the shadow of a smile.

"Well actually I was wondering, how come Sam sits in the chair while I'm on the couch here?" Kevin asked.

Alex paused at this.

"Well I said that each case is different, but it's good to see you are both communicating," Alex remarked.

"Sam isn't aware that I use the couch actually," Kevin admitted.

"Well Kevin that's perhaps for the best. I'd prefer that you both keep the differences in your sessions to yourselves. It better allows for you and I to keep the details of our sessions to ourselves," Alex assured Kevin.

"I just didn't want to think I was a second class client," Kevin joked.

"No, I assure you that it isn't the case Kevin," Alex chuckled.

"We're also a bit more 'casual' than how Sam initially described it," Kevin added.

"Well Sam is a bit more forthright and business-like so I tailor my approach to her, whereas you are a bit more personable so I feel we can be a bit more relaxed about it," Alex confessed.

"Ok, so don't let Sam know that we're not as stuffy," Kevin joked.

"Yes, it can be one of our little secrets," Alex said mischievously.

Kevin felt curiously excited at that comment.

"Kevin, you seem a bit more 'relaxed' this week. Have you been 'spending time in Sam's company'?" Alex asked coyly.

"I thought you just said we were more relaxed," Kevin laughed in response to her remark.

Alex had to laugh at that.

"You're right. Have you and Sam been having sex?" Alex asked candidly.

"No, not more than usually, when isn't really," Kevin replied honestly.

"So you've been finding satisfaction yourself then?" Alex asked, both knowing the answer.

"Yeah," Kevin answered.

"And do you feel less tense lately?" Alex asked pointedly.

"Yeah, I feel better. Not amazing, but better," Kevin admitted.

"Okay. Better is good. But not amazing. Why?" Alex probed.

"Well the first time was great, but then I needed it about two days later and it was alright and then-" Kevin paused, realising he was discussing his masturbation with what was essentially a stranger, and a beautiful stranger at that.

"Kevin, I understand this may seem a bit uncomfortable, but I can't help you without all the information," Alex persisted.

"Well, I uh, did it last night and the relief wasn't as good again," Kevin admitted, he stared at the ceiling, not wanting to look at the woman beside him.

"Well Kevin, that can happen. As I said in our last session, if finding that satisfaction can help you, then you should pursue it. If online videos, or porn doesn't suffice, then I can suggest an alternative," Alex reassured him.

"What sort of alternative?" Kevin asked warily, his shame was decreasing and his eyes unconsciously drifted over to Alex and her legs.

"Fantasising. It's something similar to what porn offers, but you can change things so you achieve greater satisfaction," Alex explained.

"I don't know," Kevin remarked, unconvinced.

"Well unlike with porn, you can imagine yourself with your wife, it means you don't have to be worried about Sam finding out," Alex reasoned.

"It just seems like I'm keeping things from her," Kevin replied.

"I understand that, but if you being more satisfied and relaxed can help you, then it can help your relationship and when Sam is more receptive then you can find pleasure with her. People fantasise a lot, especially in a sexual context, about celebrities, pornstars, even people they know personally. It's not any harm and it could help you," Alex affirmed to Kevin.

"Ok Alex, I'll keep it in mind." Kevin agreed.

The rest of the session continued on a lighter note and soon Kevin had relaxed again. 

At the end of the session, they both stood and before Kevin could leave Alex touched him gently on the arm.

"Kevin, with your permission I'd like to try something?" Alex asked Kevin carefully.

"Em, what exactly?" Kevin asked, tensing slightly.

"Well, I've found that a way to expedite the ease of clients with me so we don't have tension issues in later sessions is through physical contact. It allows for you to be assured that I don't bite and for us to be more comfortable around each other," Alex explained with that same warm smile.

"I can understand if you'd rather not, but I feel it could prevent that same unease you felt earlier from coming up again," Alex clarified.

Kevin paused at this. It sounded reasonable to him. it was unexpected, but he supposed she could be right.

He gave her a brief hug. In her heels, she was tall enough to rest her chin on his shoulder and he could smell nothing but coconut scented shampoo and her very sensual perfume.

He felt her chest press into his and her heart beat in time with his.

Her arms were wrapped around his shoulders in a way that pleased him in some ineffable way.

They broke the hug and looked at each other.

"You didn't bite," Kevin joked, eager to undercut the slight tension between them.

"Well I told you I wouldn't this time," Alex chuckled.

Kevin chuckled at this and left the practice, not quite registering the retort until he was down in his car.

***

"So how was Dr James?" Sam asked.

'Who the heck is Dr James?' Kevin asked himself for an instant before remembering.

"She's well. It was...good, she says we're making good initial progress," Kevin replied.

"Good," Sam said and gave Kevin a smile.

"So, what do you guys talk about?" Kevin asked.

Sam made a face at him, it wasn't as derisive as they had been lately.

"Kevin, I can't tell you. That defeats the point of going separately like this. I don't want to hear what you two discuss either," Sam stated plainly.

'Okay,' Kevin thought to himself and they finished dinner.

***

Sam said she was feeling unwell from dinner and Kevin lay awake as he was all too used to lately.

He checked Sam's breathing, it was nice, level and deep. 

He went to get up before he remembered the discussion from today.

'Well it can't hurt to try I suppose,' Kevin reasoned.

His right hand drifted down and reached inside his boxers to his stiffening cock.

He started stroking himself, using his precum to keep himself from chafing.

He imagined Sam on top of him, she used to do it a lot when they first got married. She was relentless back then and Kevin could feel himself start getting worked up.

He heard Sam beside him snore loudly which disturbed his focus.

Where it had been Sam on top of him, she was replaced by the redhead he had watched online last week. Kevin felt himself to continue getting worked up and remembered Alex's assurance that other people popping into your fantasies was normal, so he continued.

After a few moments he realised he couldn't quite imagine her face, which bothered him.

He wasn't about to look her up on his phone and could feel himself losing it.
