 I was at a concert when I met her. It was some college radio band, and I had to go because being an active member of the local music scene demands that you attend a good number of concerts. I'm only 20, but my band plays at the venue of this concert a lot, so I know the bartender, and she lets me drink. I was sitting at the bar when the band started playing. I noticed a girl close to the stage swaying with the music. She was kind of hippie looking and pretty short with long, brown, frizzy hair and green eyes. She wasn't the model-type, body or face, but there was something about her. Her tits were nice, and she wasn't wearing a bra under the tight black t-shirt she was wearing. The rest of her body was average. I don't think she was a regular at any gym, but she wasn't out of shape by any means. Her jeans fit snug on her hips and ass.

After a few songs and beers, she came to the bar to get a water. I introduced myself, and she smiled back and said "My name's Dahlia." As she told me her name, I noticed the round, silver ball on her tongue. A pierced tongue has never turned me off, and this was no exception. We got to talking a bit and I found out that she was a friend of the band that was playing, and she traveled with them on occasion. She convinced me that I should dance with her for a few songs. I stood behind her and put my hands on her hips as she swayed back and forth, grinding her ass into my already throbbing cock. I usually date the taller, skinnier types, but something about her plump, but not fat, ass, hips and legs rubbed against me that drove me up a fuckin wall. And that tongue piercing was the icing. 

A few songs after we started dancing, she grabbed my hand and walked me to the back of the bar, where there is a hallway with a payphone between the two bathrooms. She lightly pushed me so that my back was against the wall and started kissing me. Her tongue piercing felt so sexy as it clinked against my teeth and rubbed against my tongue. I grabbed a handful of her ass and reached up her shirt to squeeze her breast. I took both my hands, reached down to the backs of her knees, and lifted her up so that she was straddling me and carried her into the men's room.

I put her back down on the counter and unbuttoned her jeans. I got her jeans off and left her platform sandals on. I kissed her ankles and worked my way up to her knees. I wasn't used to being with a girl with such full thighs, but I was loving it none the less. I licked her thighs and tore off her white panties. They weren't very sexy, but once again, I found myself liking her more and more for not trying to be so sexy. Her pussy was trimmed, but unshaven. Again, it was refreshing to be with someone who wasn't completely hung up on the way she appeared. She was sexy because of the way she was and not the way she looked. 

I ate at her pussy for a while and she pushed me off of her, took off her t-shirt to reveal a great set of tits, and jumped off the counter. She nudged me against the counter and kneeled down and undid my jeans and pulled them off me with my boxers. She plunged her face in my crotch, taking my whole length in her mouth right away. Everything I've ever heard about getting a blowjob from a girl with a pierced tongue was absolutely true, and then some. It added incredible pleasure as it rubbed up and down the bottom of my shaft with ever pump into her mouth. She even had this trick she did where she would suck in a lot of air to make her metal accessory cold and then start to suck again. It felt incredible. When I was about to cum, she took me out of her mouth and said, "They've only got three songs left." I took this as her way of saying, "Hurry up and get that cock in my cunt." At that point I was sure that I wasn't the first guy she picked up at a concert and fucked. Not only didn't I care, but I was turned on even more knowing that this was something she did often. 

I picked her up and sat her back on the counter and parted her legs. She moved to the very edge of the counter and I touched the tip of my head to her right thigh and tickled her with it. This got her very hot. I finally took one good thrust into her and started pumping. She grabbed my hips to control the tempo and I squeezed her ass with both hands. She couldn't have been more than 5'3'', and she probably weighed about 120. She definitely had a few extra pounds on her, but that turned me on so much. Most of the girls I date have nothing to squeeze. I thought to myself that I had found a new type for myself.

As soon as her first orgasm hit her, I pulled out and let her bring herself down. When she appeared to be ready for more, I got her off the counter, turned her around and made her put her hands on the it. I kneeled down and buried my face in her plump ass. I gave her the rim job of a lifetime while I fingered her. She clenched her ass while my face was between her cheeks. This increased her pleasure and mine. 

When I felt that I had her properly lubricated, I stood up and pressed my cock head to her asshole and parted her cheeks with my thumbs. She squirmed a bit and said, "Go slow, okay. I've never had anal." I was very excited to learn that I was going to be the first to fuck her virgin ass. I said, "I couldn't hurt you."

I got an inch in before she screamed. It was a scream of pain for a moment and evolved into a low groan of pleasure. Slowly at first, I pumped her ass. I picked up the pace a bit and she started to rub her clit. "She's a natural." I thought to myself. As the band played a very emotionally charged build-up song, I blew my load deep in her ass. I remained inside of her until we caught our breath. I pulled out of her and started to put on my pants when she turned around and grabbed my half-erect cock and sucked off the juices from her pussy and her ass. That tongue accessory was almost enough to get me hard enough to fuck her again. 

I heard "Thanks for coming, we've got CD's for sale at the bar." I got my jeans and t-shirt on, and I watched her pull her panties and jeans on, and stared at her as she got each of those milky white breasts back in her skin tight black t-shirt. 

She looked at me when she finished getting dressed and said, "Hey, you've still got some 'me' on your lip." I felt my lip and it was still wet with her pussy juices and my saliva from licking her ass. She took a few steps towards me and licked my lower lip clean. She smiled as she walked out of the bathroom and said, "We'll be back in town in September. You should check it out." 

I watched the ass that I just fucked walk out of the bathroom in a tight pair of jeans. I looked in the mirror at myself and thought, "that's the craziest fucking thing you've ever done." I splashed my face with cold water from the sink, walked out of the bathroom and found that she had already left. 

I asked the band's drummer when they'd be back again. He said, "September fifth." Then he smiled and said, "I think Dahlia's coming out for that one."

I laughed and looked as embarrassed as I possibly could. 

He said, "It's cool, man. She's not with anyone in the band." I asked him if she's like this in every town. He chuckled and looked down. "I'm telling you man...she's probably seen us play thirty or forty shows, and this is the first one she hasn't been in front of the stage for every song."

It's September second today. I'm counting down the minutes until their van rolls into town.