 They'd been teasing each other for weeks. First, she would smack him on the ass, and then he would reciprocate by tweaking her nipple. Little did she know that those smacks made him instantly hard. And by tweaking her nipple, he forced a rush of wetness to her pussy. Eventually, all of this...led to disaster?

He cornered her in the office while she was counting down her cash register drawer at the end of the night. He came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, lifting her off the floor. She laughed as her feet rested back on the floor and she leaned against him. He pulled her hips against him and she felt his hardness against her. She slowly turned around and he pulled her into his arms, just hugging her. She hugged him hard, pulling him towards her. He leaned back and looked at her. She smiled and he moved in, catching her lower lip between his teeth. "You know I can't stand to be around you, don't you?" He whispered against her lips. 

"Hmm..."she groaned lightly. "I swear that it was more like you couldn't stand to not be around me."

She giggled as his fingers trailed across her back, and she snuggled into his arms.

"We shouldn't be doing this. Not here," he whispered a bit more raggedly as she rubbed her palm down towards his buttocks. 

"Maybe we shouldn't be doing this at all. Actually, I know we shouldn't be doing this at all. We're co-workers." She said, moving away from him. 

"You're probably right," He said, pulling her closer. "But I don't really care if it's right or not, because it feels right to me."

He crushed her mouth under his, thrusting his tongue inside her hot, wet mouth. Tasting and teasing with his tongue, his lips, his teeth. Nipping and biting, she pulled back and moved her hand down toward the front of his pants. 

"God, baby, you're so hard," she whispered, fighting the urge to throw him down on the ground and take him. 

He pulled his zipper down and freed his aching cock, wrapping her hand around it. He groaned loudly as she squeezed gently, sliding her hand up and down his baby soft skin. She felt the hard steel beneath that fine skin, and drew in a ragged breath.

He moved his hands to her shirt, and slowly unbuttoned the front, sliding his hands down to cup her breast through her silky bra. He grazed the palm of his hand against her nipple and rolled the little pebble around. He unhooked the front of the bra and her breasts fell into his hands. She continued to stroke his cock as he rubbed her breasts, pinching her nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He bent his head to take a nipple into his mouth, and she squeezed his cock hard, feeling it jump against her hand. 

"Oooh," she moaned, loving the feel of him at her fingertips. 

He bit her nipple and she moaned louder, causing his cock to harden even more. She pulled his face to hers and she kissed him, long and deep. They tasted each others tongues as he slipped his fingers inside her pants, moving under her panties to feel the wetness that he created. 

"I want you," he whispered brokenly. 

"I want you too," she whispered back.

He picked her up and set her on the high desk, pulling her jeans and panties off and dropping them on the floor. He turned and closed the door to the office, ensuring more privacy, even though they were the only two in the closed up store. He turned back to her and she leaned back on her elbows, spreading her legs to allow him access to her wet pussy. He growled deep in his throat as he moved his finger against her swollen clit.

"Ohh," she moaned loudly. "That feels so good baby."

He dipped his finger inside her pussy, laying his thumb over her hardened clit. She moved her hips against his hand, trying to pull his finger deeper in side of her. He removed his finger, pulled her hips towards him and attacked her pussy with his mouth. He licked and sucked at her clit, nibbling until she was bucking under him, he slid one finger inside her and rocked it back and forth, while he used his other hand to rim her asshole. She moaned his name, louder and louder until she screamed it and came all over his tongue and finger, shuddering.

"Oh god, yes baby. Yes, yes. You know just what I want."

He laid his tongue against her clit as she calmed down from her orgasm. She sat up and he kissed her, letting her taste herself on his tongue. 

"Mmm," she murmured.

"You taste so good, baby," he said against her lips.

"I want to taste you now, honey," she whispered.

He pulled her down to her unsteady feet and held her against him while she caught her breath and steadied her legs. They kissed again, and then she pushed away, motioning for him to hop up on the desk. He quickly slid out of his pants, letting them fall to the floor next to hers. She leaned over him and kissed him, moving down his body, to his chest, licking his nipples, kissing his tummy, thrusting her tongue inside his naval until she reached his throbbing hard cock. She trailed her finger down the entire length of him, watching with fascination as his cock strained against the soft touch. She gently ran fingers over his balls, looking at him as he groaned deep in his throat.

"You like that, baby?" She laughed gently, as she continued to torment him.

"Girl, you better watch yourself," he laughed softly.

She moved her mouth over him, flicking her tongue out at the tip of his cock, catching precum on her tongue. She savored the taste and went back for more, licking and sucking his thick cock, listening with fascination as he moaned and groaned, writhing on the desk top. She pulled her mouth down over him, starting to slowly suck, then moving her head up and down, faster and faster. One hand traveled along his cock, at the same speed as her mouth, while the other moved over his balls, squeezing and rubbing. She slowly moved her hand down, down further until she pushed gently on his perineum. He thrust his hips toward her mouth, forcing her to swallow the entire length of his rock hard cock as he fucked her mouth. Her fingers traveled further down until she rimmed his asshole. He shouted as his cum burst onto her tongue, and around her mouth. 

She pulled her mouth off and laid her head on his tummy. He sat up against the wall, and pulled her up to him. They kissed, and kissed more, his tongue thrusting deep into her mouth, practically fucking her mouth with his tongue. She felt him grow hard once more against her, and she smiled against his mouth. 

"Baby," she said as she pulled back. "Do you want more?"

"Do you, honey?" 

In answer, she pulled back and straddled his cock. She guided it into her soaking wet pussy as she sat down hard. He reached for a nipple hanging in front of his mouth and he sucked it into his mouth. He put his hands on her hips and helped her move against his cock. She rode him hard, hanging her head back as he thrust up into her. She put his hands on his shoulders and bounced up and down, fucking his cock with her pussy. He put his finger between them, stroking her throbbing clit as she moaned louder and louder. They both screamed out as they came together, and she collapsed against him, waves of pleasure rolling over both of them.

He sat up and she wrapped her legs around him, still connected. They smiled at each and kissed. 

"Next time," he said with a smile. "...maybe we can make it to a bed."