 "So that's it then?" 

She just lay there and didn't respond. He didn't expect her to; she had said enough. He lay there quietly too, not wanting her to know he was crying. He hadn't expected this. Well he had, actually. Fuck, he didn't know what he expected. She was never an open book.

He reached down to the side of the bed and fished his cigarettes from his jeans, knocked one out and lit it, took a long drag and set the pack on the nightstand. She leaned over him, her soft breasts pressed against his chest as she reached for his smokes. "When did you start again?" he asked.

She moved back and tucked the sheets under her arm, contemplating her cigarette. "Today," she said, a small cloud of smoke escaping her lips. She looked at him, his tears obvious on his face. "You okay?" It was his turn to be quiet.

He pushed the sheets back, stood up and wandered over to the balcony doors. There was a chill in the room, or was it just her? He wrapped his goose-fleshed arms around himself and stared at the random streams of water running down the glass and the night lights of the city shimmering through the rain. 

A flash of lighting illuminated the horizon. He counted in his head, "one-one thousand, two-one thousand, three-one thousand, four one..." a clap of thunder. It was an old habit: calculating the distance of the storm. He took a long drag from his Marlboro and opened the doors. Wind blew a spattering of rain onto his naked body as he stepped out. It felt good, every drop washing her smell from him.

"What is it called?" He pondered, "Vertigo? The pull from below, the sudden urge to step off the edge, to fly." He could feel it pulling at his soul. "Come to me, just jump and it will all be better." He stood hypnotized, looking longingly at the sidewalk below. A few cars splashed through the streets and a siren off in the distance raced to an unlikely fire in a rain-soaked city. 

"What are you doing?" She asked, "You're going to catch a cold. Come in, I'll bring you a towel." He didn't see her standing at the doors, the comforter wrapped around her shoulders––he couldn't, she was outside of his vortex, the black hole surrounding him from the moment she had told him.

They had just finished making love. It wasn't really making love; they never made love. They fucked. There had never been any love to make. He realized that now. Was that all he had been to her? A surrogate penis, a cock to fill her emptiness? He flicked his cigarette over the edge and watched it drift down, like he wanted to do. Little red specks (of blood) dotted the sidewalk and then were quickly extinguished. His mind was wandering, his thoughts darting, what had she said? "I've met someone else." Was that all? Who was he? Had she said that much? He couldn't recall. Every time he tried to, this voice kept saying, "Come to me, just jump and it will all be better." He pressed his waist against the cold metal and leaned over.

"Damien." She broke his hypnoses. He stepped back. She stood there at the door holding a towel. He could see her now. He could see everything. 

He took it from her and went inside. "I'm sorry, it's just..." she couldn't finish. There was no apology, no explanation that could make things better. Is that why she had allowed him to come to her?

 ***** ***** "Extreme ways are back again.
Extreme places I didn't know
I broke everything new again
Everything that I'd owned" "Oh baby, oh baby,
 then it fell apart, it fell apart. 
Oh baby, oh baby
 like it always does, always does" ***** ***** *****