 This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between the characters and real individuals is coincidence. All characters are over age eighteen. 

A young woman confesses she prefers older men, and proves it.

* * *

I had been in town on business all week. One afternoon, I decided to spend the last hour of work at the BlockHouse coffee shop. When I got there, all the tables were taken, except one table for six that was occupied by only one young woman.

I asked her if I could share her table, pointing to the chair on the opposite corner from her. She said, "Oh fine. I'm expecting one more, so if there are more of you..."

"No, just me."

"Oh, go right ahead," she said, smiling at me. 

She was young and sweet, a little plump with a heavy chest that she tried to hide with her clothing. We ignored each other at first. While I tried to connect to the shop's WiFi, she tapped away on her computer and looked frequently at some notes she had on paper. I was having no luck with the WiFi and the baristas were pretty swamped, so I asked her. Or maybe I just wanted to talk to her.

"Yeah, you have to pick the BH-Secure network, not BlockHouse_Guest. I had the same problem." 

"Oh, that explains it. Thank you. I thought I was a guest here, so..." 

"Exactly. I wasted several minutes thinking I fat fingered the password. I didn't want to ask because they're always so busy here." She seemed like she wanted to talk, and I enjoyed hearing her voice and seeing her smile. She was easily thirty years younger than me; I guessed around her mid-twenties. 

We chatted for a while about computer problems and the frustrations of working remotely. She asked me what I did, and I asked her the same. She didn't seem to like the work she was in. "Me neither," I said. "But, professional backpacking doesn't pay very well, so..."

"Oh, you backpack? I tried it recently and realized I don't know what I'm doing. It's not as simple as it seems." We talked about that and other things, realizing despite our age difference, we had a lot in common. Finally, she looked at her watch and said, "Well, I think I've been stood up," pointing to the chair across the table from her. 

"Uh oh, that's not good. Now people will think you're dating an old fart like me."

"Oh, not that kind of date. A girlfriend of mine. She probably got tied up. And you're not an old fart."

"Trust me, I am."

"No, you're not. I like older guys, and..." She stopped short and turned a little red.

"Really?" I looked at her and she was embarrassed but still smiling. "Awkward." I said. She looked away and banged her head on the table. I tried to give her an out. "I understand. Younger men can be jerks. I know; I used to be one. The whole dating thing at your age is so messed up."

"It is, cuz I've never really liked guys my age. I've never been comfortable around them. Oh, I...um, I'd better be going."

"Wait, I didn't take it to mean anything. Really, I understand." 

"Maybe you don't. I really do like older men." Now she looked sad, and I got the impression that I disappointed her. 

"I'm sorry. Sit for a minute. What's wrong?"

She stopped putting her stuff away and slumped in her chair. "It's so hard. My parents don't understand, and fuck them. My friends don't understand. But I like older guys. Is that so bad?"

"A lot of people think it's their responsibility to make choices for others. Usually because they see others doing things they would like to do but are hung up about it." 

"It's not like I have daddy issues, you know. My dad is great. I just have issues with men my age. And I like you. I like talking to you. I like being with you."

"I like being with you too. I smiled and looked at her. What are you doing for dinner?"

She smiled broadly at me. "Oh, I've been eating alone all week, so yeah, if you want to have dinner, I'd love to."

"Alright, I'm Kent by the way." 

"Stephanie." 

"Where are you staying. I drove here so I can pick you up."

"I'm at the Maggot Inn."

"Sounds lovely, I'm at the Orange Cat Inn."

"Same place."

"Yeah, I hear you. I haven't found any bed bugs or cockroaches yet, and the toxic waste dump underneath the building doesn't bother me. You?"

"The only bugs work the front desk."

We drove to the motel. We went to our separate rooms and cleaned up. In another two hours, we were ordering dinner. Occasionally, we each saw other diners looking at us, and we imagined what they were saying: 

"What's she doing with such an older man?" Stephanie said.

"Maybe it's her grandpa." I replied.

"Maybe it isn't and maybe she has daddy issues." 

"Lucky bastard."

"Poor thing."

"Why not me; I'm more her own age."

"Stop looking at her; I'm right here. Jesus!"

"Don't be so judgemental. Maybe it's a perfectly normal, loving relationship."

At this she looked at me and said, "Maybe it is."

I looked back, a little stunned. All this was happening too fast. Stephanie seemed to really like me and I really liked her. It must have showed because we sat there smiling at each other. By the time we had finished eating, we had shared many such looks. We didn't need to speak at all. 

As we walked out of the restaurant, Stephanie took my hand and put it around her waist. We walked back to my car like a couple. I have to admit I suddenly felt much younger, walking down the street with my arm around a cute young lady. 

When I opened the door for her, she turned to me and we just looked at each other, smiling. I bent toward her just a little, and she rose up on her toes. We kissed for a while just standing next to my car with her door open. 

While I tried to drive, Stephane held my hand and massaged it and played with my fingers. As we got to the motel, she took one of my fingers and kissed it, then bit. We locked up the car and walked quickly through the side door and up to my room. 

Once inside, we were all over each other. It was so natural. We both knew what each other wanted, and that was to make love to each other. Then we would do it again.

But for now, Stephanie wanted to lead. She was first to squeeze my ass. She was the one to wrap a leg around me and pull our bodies together. And she was the first to bite my neck. 

"Touch me," she said, out of breath. "I want you to touch me."

She didn't need to ask twice. I ran both hands from her hips up her abdomen and let them plough over her enormous breasts. "Ohhh, mmmmm," she moaned, and grabbed for my belt buckle. 

"Mmmm, Stephanie," I began. "You're so lovely. I want you to touch me too."

At that, she eagerly unzipped my pants while I began unbuttoning her top. Between several kisses and bites and squeezes, we had most of our clothes off and were wrapped in each other's arms. "Oh, Kent, can I have you? Can I take you?"

"I insist."

Breathlessly, Stephanie locked on to my lips and started grinding her body into mine, pulling my undies down and desperately yanking down her panties. "Oh, I wanted this after the first minute of talking to you. Oooh," she said. "Let me..."

"Mmmm, not yet. My turn to lead..."

"Ohhhh?" 

I reached around to undo her bra, then pulled it off to reveal two giant beautiful breasts. They were huge, with big areolas and hard nipples that begged for a sucking. I grabbed both, trying to get my hands around them but they weren't big enough for her boobs. I squeezed each as best as I could and began to suck on each in turn and occasionally nibbling her nipples. She moaned and cried as I sucked and bit her juicy tits. 

Still squeezing, I began to move lower and kiss her abdomen. I felt her shaking beneath me the lower I got. As I reached her belly button, she cried out, "Oh, are you going to... I've never..."

I paid no attention and kept going lower. My mouth was now just above her clit and making steady progress toward her pussy. I pulled down her panties that were hanging off one cheek and still around the other hip. Once I had them all the way off, I came directly toward her pussy and began kissing around it. 

Stephanie tightened her legs together to keep me out, but all the while moaning, "Ohhhh, oh my...ooooooh, Mmmmm. I don't..."

"It's alright, Stephanie. Let me..."

"I'm just..."

"Unsure? I rose up past her breasts and kissed her deeply on the mouth. She kissed me back and we held each other. "Stephanie. Please," I said as I worked my way down.

"I just don't know what will happen. I lose control sometimes."

"Is losing control so bad? Go ahead and lose it, enjoy it." As I said this, I put a hand between her legs and began to push them apart. She opened up a little and I was able to get my hand up and ever so gently cupped it around her wet pussy.

Stephanie moaned loudly, "Oooooooh, Awwwww, Mmmm, Oh!" I went down and brought my mouth down toward her sopping sex and kissed her there. "Oh my...Oh, ooooooh, Oh!" 

I said, "Let me in, let me make you cum. Lose control for me. Cum for me." I kept pushing her legs apart as I said this. She was still resisting but less so, and she was still shaking. I seized the opportunity and ran my tongue up her slit, just barely making contact. 

"Oooooh, oh my g...Oh! Oh! Ooooooh, Aaahhhh! Mmmmmm, ooooooh," she cried. That's all it took for her legs to splay out across the bed, giving my full access. In seconds, I was probing her wet canal with my tongue. She moaned and cried like no woman I had ever made love to before. She really did lose control, and my cock grew very hard, very fast. 

I licked her wet slit and labia over and over, each time making her moan and cry out. Slowly I increased the pressure, probing deeper into her cunt with my tongue. Soon I was aggressively tongue fucking her and he moans and cries increased in intensity. "Oooooh, ooh, oh! Shit! Ooooommmmm, Mmmmm, Ohmmmmm, Ooooooh! I can't...oh! Oh, that feels so good. Oh my...ooooooh!"

As I continued thrusting my tongue into her warm slick pussy, I ran my fingers along the underside of her thighs, hoping it would tickle. It worked, so well in fact that her legs began to shake. Stephanie grabbed my head with both hands and shoving it down harder each time I pushed my tongue into her flesh. After a few more pumps and more tickles and more shoves, Stephanie's pelvis thrust up into my face and her legs squeezed around my head. "Aaaaahaaaaa! Ohoooooooh Oh! Oh! Aah! Oooooh, Mmmmm. Oh, shit. Oh, shit!" 

She gasped for air between moans and screams, and I loved that I gave her first oral orgasm in her life. I loved it so much that I decided she should have another, right away. I told her, "I'm not done yet!" as I shoved her legs apart and slid two fingers into her tight wet slit and began thrusting in and out.

Stephanie gasped again, "Oh, oooooh, are you going to probe me? Oh, that's so good. Oh, I can't believe how good that feels. Oh, get it...ooooh, just like that. Ooooh, yes! Just like that!" I kept thrusting my fingers into her and when they reached their full depth, curled them up and lifted simultaneously, hoping to stimulate her deeply. She had just cum for me from surface stimulation. I wanted her to cum again from something deeper. "Oooooh, shit! Oh, I just can't believe... Oh, that's so good. Oh, that's perfect. Oh!" 

"Cum again for me, please. Can you cum for me again?"

"Oh, oooooh, yeah. Just keep...oooooh, yeah! Ooooooh, Mmmmmmm." 

"Cum for me again, Stephanie," I said. "Cum for me again, pretty girl. It turns me on so much to hear you moan and know that I can make you cum. So cum for me. Please, right now."

"Oh, I think I can...oooh, oh, yeah! I think."

"I'm only going to give you ten seconds. Ten," I said, as I thrusted into her again. 

"Oh, my...Gnnnnnn. Ooooh!"

"Nine." 

"Ahwwww, oh! I'm trying..., oooooh!"

"Eight," I continued and started kissing her abdomen above her hood. 

"Oh, shit! Oh shit!" 

"Seven." 

"Mmmmm, oh, oh! oh!" Stephanie cried, getting into rhythm with my fingers as they slid in and out of her soaking wet pussy.

"Six."

"Oh, I'm...oh shit!" Her legs were quivering and she began to writhe from her hips, as if part of her wanted escape and rest wanted more.

"Five," I said, as I began licking the hood above her clit. 

"Gnnnnn...hmmm, hmmm, OOooooooh! Oh, shit!"

"Four." With my free hand, I pulled up her hood and kissed gently around her clit.

"Oh, what...oh, what are...Oh my...Ahhhh! Aahhh!" she cried as I began to lick her clit. 

"Three," I said. Her pelvis jolted up just as my fingers slid deep into her slit and I sucked firmly on her clit. 

Stephanie screamed, "Oooooooooh, Oooooooooh, Mmmmmmmm, Oh! OH! OH! Shit! Oooooo, Mmmmmmm," as her legs flew back and forth across the bed and her hands shoved on my head. "Ooooooh, Owwahhhhh!" she continued. "Oooooh, Mmmm, oh, that was so...ooooooh! Mmmmmm, ooooooh!" 

I moved up and kissed her breasts. Her nipples were still erect and hard as spears. I reached her mouth and kissed her over and over. I wanted her so bad. Making her cum twice made my dick so hard. Fulfilling her fantasy of an older man made yearn to fulfill my fantasy of a younger woman. There was just one thing left. 

"Stephanie, please take me. Make love to me and make me cum. I need it so bad. Please!" 

Stephanie pushed my shoulder until I was laying flat on my back. She came over on top of me, her breasts still heaving from her heavy breathing. They hung over me, big and lovely, begging to be touched and kissed. As I eagerly went after them, Stephanie took hold of the tip of my cock between her thumb and forefinger and began stroking up and down.

Now it was my turn to moan. "Oooh, shit, Stephanie. Oh, wowooooooh!" I cried. She smiled at me and rose higher so that her gorgeous and massive boobs swayed over my mouth. I tongued and kissed them as they passed over my face, all the while breathing heavy as Stephanie teased my cock. 

It was my turn to lose control too. "Ooooooh, Mmmmmm...Ah!" Sounds came out of me that I hadn't made in a long time. "Ah! OoooooHhhhhh!" 

Stephanie rose up higher and as she kissed my lips, her heavy breasts squished against my chest as her still wet pussy pressed against my cock. "Ohhhh, Mmmmm, oh, you sweet young lady," I said. 

She giggled a little and said, "Can I?"

"Whatever it is, yes!" 

She laughed again, then kissed me more aggressively. Her tits were still against my chest but now her pussy was rubbing up against my cock. She moaned softly, enjoying feeling my thick penis rubbing her wet pussy lips. My dick begin to throb. It was trying to tell me to hide somewhere warm and wet. 

Stephanie was so passionate! Her lovemaking was so sweet. Warm, wet, breathy kisses, sometimes with her tongue and sometimes not. Her hands were in my hair and caressing my face. My hands were in her hair and stroking her ribs and brushing her butt and upper thigh. We were in the most beautiful groove, this lovely young woman and I! My mind drifted back to earlier in the day and how unexpected it was that asking to share a table at a coffee shop could lead to this. I was so lucky, and I wondered of Stephanie thought the same. My fantasy of a younger woman and hers of an older man had collided. 

Stephanie moaned again and said, "Can I just...?"

"What?"

"Let me just..."

Stephanie I realized was very shy in some ways, and in others not. She didn't seem to want to speak certain words and was nervous about certain things. Knowing that, I just said, "Do what you want, sweetie. Anything."

Stephanie gave me a big wet kiss and rose up to her knees. She grabbed my stiff cock and rubbed the tip between her labia, moaning softly. "Mmmmmm, Ooooh"

"Oh, yeah!" I said as I felt my erect cock plunge into her body. It felt perfect! "Mmmmm, yeah, ooooooh," I cried rubbing her ribs and grabbing her boobs in both hands. 

Stephanie let her head full of hair fall around my face so that all I could see was her pretty face and her breasts bouncing in front of me. She rose and fell on my dick slowly, moaning each time, her eyes closed and big smile on her face. She seemed so happy and fulfilled with my cock inside her. My cock inside a sweet young woman, sliding in and out. Her tits and hair and face and pussy, in that moment, was everything I wanted and all I needed. 

"Uh, uh, uh, ah, uh Ah! Ooooh, uh, uh!" she cried as she bounced up and down on my cock. Entering her tight juicy cunt over and over felt so damn hot, then she began to squeeze my dick harder. Each time she rode down on my cock it felt different and sometimes it's the surprise that makes you come, something you didn't expect. That's what happened. Stephanie drive my cock into her cunt all the way to the hilt and shuddered as if she had a small orgasm again, then she grabbed my hands into hers, and planted one foot and then the other beside me. I held her hands as she squatted on my cock over and over, riding me harder than before, each pass running from tip to base. 

It was so tight and so slick. "Oooooh, Mmmmmm," I called. "Oh! Oh! Oooooh, Stephanie, that fee...ooooooh!" Her tits bounced in front of me and her hair hung down around her pretty face. I looked up to see her smiling at me, moaning with me. Our eyes met and we both knew what was coming. 

"Ten," she said.

"Oooooh, oooooh, Wow!"

"Nine."

"Oh, shit! Mmmmmm, Gnnnnn. Please don't stop!"

"Eight," she said, as her vagina squeezed my cock even harder. 

"Stephanie, oooooh, Oh! Ooooh, shit." 

"Seven." 

"Mmmmm, oh Ste...Ooooooh! Oh! I can't..." I felt things building down below and I knew I could not hold my load in much longer.

"Six."

"Gnnnnnn, Mmmmmmm, Ooooooh Ah!" I fought to hold it but I knew I was going to lose.

"Five," she said, as her breath became more excited. "Ooooh, please?" 

"Oooooooh! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh! Oooooh! Oh, pump the cum out of me! Pump it out. Ahh! Ahhhhh!" I was doomed; I knew one more...

"Oh!, Oh!" she cried as her cunt gripped me and she bounced on me deep and hard. "Four! Oh!" That was it.

"Aahhh!" I called out as my vision tunneled and a thick gooey load of come squirted through me to soak her young pussy. "Oooooh, Aaaaahaaaa! Ah! Ah! Oh! Oh, ooooooh," I cried again as another surge of semen surged through the entire length of my cock to explode inside her wet pussy. 

"Ooooooh, shit! Aaaahaaaa!" Stepahanie cried, cumming herself as she slammed down on my cock several times and then ground her pussy onto my dick. "Mmmmmmm, ooooooh. So perfect! Mmmmmm, ooooh, oooh, oh. Oh, Mmmmmmm."

She came down onto her knees again and wrapped her arms around me and squished her chest onto mine. We rolled over and held each other a long time before falling asleep. 

We spent the night together, making love again in the morning. At breakfast, we didn't try to hide our giddiness for each other, to the annoyance of several people in the restaurant. We didn't care.