 I stopped marking the days leading up to Valentine's Day on the tenth of February. Dennis was renewing his commitment to his wife and I had to accept that. I gave my best friend, Danielle, the ingredients for the gourmet dinner I had planned so that at least someone would be able to benefit from its aphrodisiac qualities. I was thankful that Valentine's Day fell over the weekend so that I didn't have to be subjected to the nauseating "look what my man did for me" squeals that came around the clock as bouquet after bouquet was delivered to the office.

At the close of the day a bouquet of the biggest, most perfect red rose buds came into the office. Anticipation built up inside me while the delivery man searched his clipboard for the recipient's name. When he said Molly Green's name instead of mine, I was crushed and hated myself for being so.

When I got home I tried not to look at my cell phone so that I didn't have to face that Dennis wasn't contacting me. At the same time I willed Dennis to call me, text me, something to let me know he was thinking about me. The silence was deafening. I busied myself by cleaning up around my apartment. With nothing left to clean I began organizing my closet and drawers. There, I came across every piece of lingerie Dennis had purchased for me. Some I had modeled for him before the purchase, when he snuck into numerous dressing rooms. Others he slipped into my desk drawer while I was his personal assistant five years ago.

Five years. I had been with Dennis longer than his two year marriage. He was giving me up for someone who had everything I now knew I wanted. At first, getting together with Dennis was strictly for fun. The benefits of fucking the boss made the day go by faster because we rarely worked. When we did work we worked hard though, we played harder. Dennis had enough money lining his pockets that my off hours were fabulously lavish and decadent. Life with Dennis was wonderful. He assured me that the marriage was, in essence a business decision, a social maneuver. It was to be something to get us both to the top. 

I wanted him back. I pulled out a red bra and panty set. I had planned to wear it for the dessert following our Valentine's Day meal. I laid it out on my bed and planned what to do.

