 Crickets sang in the background, accompanying Shelia on her walk. Summer had come, leaving it's handprint on the land. The grass was lush and damp beneath her feet. Recently mowed, bits stuck to her skin. It brought a smile to her face as she stuck her hand out and ran it across the stalks of corn to her right. Living in the country had its advantages.

It was twilight, that seam where day tries to turn into night. Purple and peach still tinged the nearly dark sky. Shelia tipped her head back and took a deep breath, inhaling the scent of warm earth and dewy plants. It was the stuff dreams were made of.

She turned and headed back for the house, stretching as a yawn parted her lips. The back door slammed shut, and her boyfriend Todd stepped onto the porch.

"Enjoy yourself?" 

"Of course I did. Did you enjoy doing the supper dishes?" 

"Oh yes. I hate when it's my turn." 

"Such a man."

Todd narrowed his eyes and reached out, catching her wrist. He pulled her close, burying his face in the lemony scent of her long, dark hair. 

"I'm glad we moved out here. Country living suits you." 

"I agree. Now all we need is a cow." Shelia laughed and kissed Todd on his cheek.

"If you bring a cow home, you're the one that's going to be milking it." He gave her bottom a pat as she headed into the house.

Fresh, early summer faded into a heat wave. Scattered severe storms threatened nearly every day, and each time, Shelia thanked the stars that they had a basement. Storms were her undoing. She would watch out the windows at the menacing clouds, and then gather up something to keep her occupied and go sit in the basement. Todd would be outside on the porch watching the weather, and she swore she could hear him laughing at her through the walls.

"Hey baby. Ready for the record heat?" 

Shelia cradled the phone between her ear and shoulder and finished loading the dishwasher.

"Absolutely not. I think the air conditioner is doing something. The air isn't coming out very cold."

"The guys will be out on Monday to put in the central air. I know the window units suck, but it's better than nothing."

"Todd, it is nothing. I'm telling you, its breaking." 

"You're going to jinx it. It's supposed to be ninety-eight degrees today and you're telling the universe to break your only source of cool." His deep laugh drifted through the phone.

"Be quiet. When will you be home?"

"Probably around eight. I've got to stop at the store and pick up a few things for the show."

Todd's uncle was hosting a car show that weekend, and he asked for help putting together door prizes. Todd's job was to bring it home, and Shelia got to put it together in an appealing manner. She rolled her eyes at the thought. It was boy stuff. What's the fun in that?

"All right. Bring home dinner too; it's too hot to cook."

"Yes, lover. See you tonight. Love you."

"Love you too."

Shelia set her phone down and closed the dishwasher door. Next step was laundry. As she walked through the living room, outside air greeted her. 

"For serious?" The air conditioner wasn't cooling at all. It was being a fan pumping in hot air. "I told him."

Heaving a sigh, she flipped it off and unplugged the unit. After a few minutes of struggle, she managed to get it out of the window and it thumped to the floor. Outside air blasted her face, and she debated on keeping the house closed up and conserving the air as long as possible. Finally, she decided on that option.

Shelia gathered up all the fans and plugged them in all over the downstairs of the house. Pretty soon, she had a cyclone happening in the living room. With a satisfied smile, she went off to do the laundry that had gotten interrupted.

That evening, Todd pulled up in front of the house and saw that the windows were open.

"Uh-oh. The Empress isn't going to be happy." He laughed to himself.

Gathering up the bags of Chinese food, he climbed out of his truck and headed into the heat.

"Honey, I'm home." 

"Oh good. Welcome to Hell." Shelia rounded the corner, and Todd burst out laughing.

"Well aren't you sexy." Todd sat the bags on the table.

"Shut up." Shelia stuck her tongue out.

A pair of black boy-shorts panties covered (using that term loosely) her bottom half, and one of his wife beater tank tops was her shirt, but it was knotted under her breasts.

"Actually, you are very sexy."

"Stay away from me. It's too hot." Now that she wasn't alone in her misery, her spirits were lifting.

Todd changed into a pair of shorts and left his shirt off. It was terribly hot. Poor Shelia, stuck in it all day. When he entered the kitchen, Shelia had grabbed a plate and was sitting on the patio in the shade. He had to admit that it was cooler outside. 

They enjoyed their dinner as the sun slipped lower and lower, cooling the day off considerably. Shelia sat back in the chair, propping her feet on the table and stared off into the field. 

Todd drank in her appearance. Her face was flushed from the heat still, her hair was in a sloppy pony-tail at the nape of her neck, though little pieces had come free to frame her face and tickle her shoulders. The bottom part of her ass cheeks were visible, and Todd got a wicked idea.

"Get that look off your face. I told you I was hot."

"That you are. I know how to cool you down."

"Ha. I highly doubt that."

"Give it just a little longer. I want the sun mostly gone."

The night sounds enveloped them, and finally the sun lost the battle and dipped out of eyesight.

"Finally." Shelia sighed.

Todd stood and went around the side of the house. Her questions fell on deaf ears, and Shelia rolled her eyes. She heard something dragging through the grass, and turned in her chair. Todd appeared and the hose was in his hand.

He adjusted the head to the mist setting, and waved his hand slowly back and forth, fanning his queen with the sheer water.

"Ahh, that feels so good." Shelia closed her eyes and licked her lips, enjoying being cool for the first time that day.

"Just wait." Todd grinned, and moved closer. 

"How can it get better?" Shelia opened her eyes, watching Todd advance on her.

He set the hose down, letting the mist go where it may, and got down on his knees in front of her. He spread her legs, hooking one knee over the arm of the chair and the other over his shoulder. Todd pushed her shorts to the side, and buried his face between her legs. Shelia gasped as his tongue plunged between her lips. She scooted down on the chair to give him better access, and yelped as he drew her clit in between his teeth.

"You're my favorite. God you're good at this." Shelia's knees quivered as Todd nibbled her clit. 

He brought his hands up and spread her pussy open, his thumb pressing just to the side of her clit while his tongue drew circles and lapped at her lips. He sucked her into his mouth, and pushed his tongue inside of her. Shelia's hips moved, encouraging his attention, as he lightly tapped her clit with two fingers. It was tight and aching, demanding attention, much as his cock. 

Shelia was wet, her inner thighs slick with her desire, and he lapped at her, tasting her arousal. Her face was flushed, and she had brought her hands up, cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between forefinger and thumb.

Todd pulled back and Shelia whimpered, only moments away from orgasm. He shushed her, and grabbed the hose, twisting the sprayer head off. Shelia frowned, confused as to what he was doing. Todd turned back to her, aiming the hose at her clit. 

"Oh my gooodd that's cold!" Shelia jerked, and Todd held her down.

"You like ice cubes but you think this is cold?" He laughed.

Todd let the water pour over her lower body, rinsing the heat and her slippery arousal away. After a moment Shelia got used to the temperature and then got back into it. Todd slid his thumb over the opening of the hose and made the water spray, causing it to blast against her clit.

Shelia shivered, her nipples tight buds riding high on her chest, and moments later she gasped as she came, her hips grinding the air. 

Todd threw down the hose and leaned in, sealing his warm mouth around her clit, sucking it hard, twirling his tongue around it. Shelia moaned at the temperature difference, and yelped as Todd stood and yanked her up beside him. Her pussy still quivered as Todd bent her over the back of the patio chair and lifted one of her legs, guiding his cock to her entrance. His cock felt like a furnace from hell compared to that water, and Shelia moaned as she rocked back against him, eager to be filled.

He slammed forward, sliding easily into her dripping pussy. He wasted no time fucking her, pumping quickly as he rushed to orgasm. Todd reached around and laid his hand on her lower stomach, using that for leverage as he rode her. Sliding his hand down another inch, his fingers brushed her clit and he made a 'v' around it, pressing into her tightly. Each thrust slid his fingers, and within a few seconds Shelia was whimpered as she came again.

Finally Todd grunted and gasped as he came, shuddering with the sensations. A fine sheen of sweat covered their bodies, and Shelia's upper body collapsed against the chair. Todd gave one final lurch of his hips and withdrew, gasping as he did so. 

"I'll give you credit on this one. That was a very good idea." Shelia turned around and dropped onto the chair.

"I decided I may as well put summer in the country to use." A devilish grin lit up his face.

Shelia grinned, still striving to get her breathing under control. Todd watched as her chest heaved, her nipples straining against the now sheer fabric of the wet tank top.

"Maybe we better go in." His eyebrows rose and he gave a nod in the direction of her breasts.

"Why? The neighbors can't see my nipples." Shelia laughed.

"No, but I can. And I plan to see them up close and personal here in a few minutes."

"It's too hot inside." She stood and headed towards the back of the yard, angling her way towards the cornfield. 

"Where are you going?"

"You better hurry. I'm ready for round two."

"In a cornfield?"

His only answer was a laugh and the whispering of stalks as Shelia stepped through the green and disappeared.