 Julie's eyes lingered on the last line. 

aperte mall cum est mulier, tum demum est bona,
(when a woman is openly bad, she is at her best)

Annette

The elegant penmanship flowed with sensuality across the cream colored stationary. The reality of the contest was setting in. With a deep breath she looked over at Lisa who was just finishing. A tingly sensation rushed across Julie's body raising the hairs on her arms. 

Simultaneously they spoke, "This is crazy!" 

"I'm wet just thinking about it." Lisa added.

"Me too." Julie pulled at the lacie thong panties she was wearing.

"Have you given any thoughts on who you're gonna bring?" 

"Greg." Lisa responded quickly. "You met him at last years Christmas Party."

"the tall, dark haired hunk?" she prodded.

"Uh huh. and you?"

"You remember that fireman I dated a few years back?" 

"Steve?"

"Yeah. I thought I'd call him up. He always seemed up for new... adventures." Julie giggled.

Lisa giggled along, "Mmm, I always wanted to fuck him."

"LISA!" Julie was aghast. "You're so nasty." 

"That's why you love me." Lisa winked.

Julie laughed. "I have to let you go so I can call and prepare him."

"I'll have him with whipped cream." Lisa chided.

"you'll have to wait your turn." Julie laughed trying to end the conversation so she could call Steve.

"Well Leese, gotta go break this to Steve." 

"Let me know how it goes. Peace." she hung up.

With Annette's letter read, she asked Steve, "Well?" 

"Well what..." he chuckled.

"Well are you interested?"

"Oh Jules, you knew any guy you called would say yes, the minute you said blow job." 

Julie laughed, "I meant... do you think you'll be able to..."

"Get it up?" he broke her off midstream.

"No, you goof, do you think you'll be able to get the tux and coat?" 

"For only one blow job, probably not. But for six, I can be bought."

"And you're cool with shaving?" she wittily replied. "or waxing?"

"Clean as a whistle." he said.

A week later the doorbell rang. By the time Julie got to the door all she saw was the backside of the UPS driver as he hurried back to his brown truck. 

'Nice ass." she said loud enough for him to hear.

On her porch he had left a large brown box. Carrying it to the living room she sat it down next to coffee table clearing away the items now piled on it. Inside she found her prize. A 3/4 length Russian whiskey colored sable coat. It was gorgeous. She buried her face deep within its hair relishing its softness. 

A note along with the coat. "It's only rented so please don't throw up on it. :-)" 

"Asshole." she said loudly. It had been on their first date. A night of dancing and drinking and drinking. They hadn't even got back to her house before she was violently throwing up all over the front seat of his car. She smiled recalling what she could remember of the evening. 

'It's a wonder he called me for a second date.'

On Monday she answered the door wearing nothing but the fur coat. On the steps was a bouquet of flowers along with a medium sized brown wrapped package. Arranging the flowers on the dining table she read the attached handwritten note. Thought you'd like to get in some practice <3

Julie's brows furrowed, 'What's he up to?' 

She let out a snort. 'A dildo. Neon green to boot. What a god awful color.' 

Removing it from its packaging she was surprised by its thickness. Though 7 " in length her fingers could not stretch all the way around it. It was like 6" in diameter. This was so different than her bullet shaped one. This one looked so lifelike. 'For an alien.' she chuckled out loud. 

She ran her tongue along its shaft to its helmet shaped head. 'The rubber taste could take some getting use too.' 

Below its two perfect balls she noticed there was a suction cup. 'What a great idea.' 

Julie walked into the kitchen and gave it a thorough washing. As she did she wondered where she could play with it. 

The brainstorm hit her when she spotted the sliding glass door just off her kitchen. Grabbing a dining room chair she carried it over for scale. Licking the suction cup she bent down and stuck it just slightly above where a person would sit. 

'That looks about right.' It's neon green head pointing straight out at her. 

Next she retrieved her kitchen timer and positioned it on the floor next to the chair. 'Nows as good as time as any.' Setting it for two minutes she began her workout. 

On her knees she placed her hands behind her back and leaned forward taking the head into her awaiting mouth. 

Her lips stretched around the green bulbous head and she extended her tongue along the bottom side of the shaft. She spent a few moments just slurping on the head before inching it deeper into her mouth. As she began to gag the timer went off. Pulling it from her mouth, 'Steve was right. I am out of practice.' 

She got up and poured herself a glass of white wine before walking into her office. Picking up a 12" ruler she returned to her place on the floor.

'Round two.' she took a sip, setting the glass and ruler down next to the timer. 

Julie relaxed her jaw as the thick shaft filled her mouth. She was now getting into the rhythm sucking down its length than retreating to catch a breath.

This time when the buzzer went off she marked with her fingers how much she had taken in. 'Four inches. I guess that's not too bad for a 36 year old.' she questioned. 'but my momma didn't raise no quitter.' 

Tuesday morning came early. Julie had just arrived for her 6 a.m. yoga class as Lisa was pulling up. Julie waited beside her car so they could walk in together. 

"I got my coat yesterday. Did you get yours?" happily Julie announced much to the chagrin of Lisa.

"Hoping to get mine today. Is yours lovely?"

"OMG yes." you got to come see it. 

"Wait 'til I get mine and we can both show them off." Lisa replied.

With class over, Julie headed back to the house pulling her Jeep Liberty into the garage. After a quick shower she headed back to her neon friend. She had been on the floor an hour when FedEx arrived with another package. 

Julie was beside herself. 'What did he send me today?' 

Ripping open the box she was surprised to find two boxes inside. Opening the smaller of the two it revealed a bottle of her favorite perfume, Paris, by YSL. It just so happened it was the one chosen for the competition. 'How sweet.' Steve had always been such a gentleman she wondered why she couldn't be happy with such a thoughtful guy. 'Maybe after this week.'

She then opened the larger box and shook her head. 'OMG! this is just like a guy. Another dildo.'

This one though was around an inch shorter but much thicker. Kinda like a Gatorade bottle. She stuck it next to the neon one and poured herself another glass of wine. Using the alarm on her wrist watch she set both timers. After two minutes on the 'alien' she moved over to 'stubby'. 'Stubby' was definitely a challenge. She could barely fit the head into her expanding mouth. 

Around 10:00 a.m. on Wednesday, Julie was surprised by a knock on the door. Swinging the door open she was surprised to see an attractive young woman with high cheekbones and narrow lips. Julie estimated she was in her late twenties with slicked back dark hair and wire framed sunglasses. Her white outfit confused Julie who for a moment was imagining, 'If she were wearing black leather, I'd swear she was Trinity from the Matrix.'

"Sorry I'm not interested in whatever you're selling." Julie was to the point.

"I'm not selling anything."

"Oh sorry. Can I help you?"

"I'm Laurel, I'm here to give you a massage."

"A what?"

Julie had been staring at the folding table leaning up against the brick facade of her home.

"A massage. You are Julie?"

"Yes I'm Julie. But I didn't order a massage."

"Steve sent me. He thought it would do you some good to relax."

Finally a light came on, "Oh, Steve sent you... I'm sorry.. that was awfully nice of him. Come in, come in", holding the door open. 

Has anyone ever told you, you look like..."

Laurel laughed. "Trinity? Yeah, all the time. but not to worry, I have no blue or red pills to give you. Where would you like me to setup?"

Julie led her into the living room where Laurel quickly went to work putting together her table with clean fresh linens and an electric blanket.

With soothing music playing and the sweet smell of frankincense in the air, Laurel spoke with a sense of authority, "I'll step out and let you undress. When you're ready just get between the warm sheets and call me."

Soon Julie called, "I'm ready." And relaxed her head into the pillow. Staring down at her Persian rug through the tables head support she panicked momentarily, 'I didn't put up my toys.' 

She could her Laurel rubbing lotion into her hands. Seconds later her hands moved skillfully across her tightened shoulders. 

"Clear your mind." Laurel whispered softly. 

Her muscles relaxed to Laurel's strong hand movements and soon thoughts of her toys were far behind. An hour went by until finally the connection between the masseuse and Julie was broke when Laurel spoke, "Namaste." 

She felt refreshed. 

"Give yourself sometime." Laurel spoke softly. "Just lay there for a minute. I'll wait for you in the kitchen and give you some time to get dressed."

Clothed in her yoga attire Julie found Laurel sitting at the kitchen island one of the bar stools. 

"Love your sculptures." Laurel smiled, pointing towards the dildos hanging from the glass door.

Julie cringed. "Uh... this just got awkward." 

"I'm sorry. I couldn't help but notice them." 

Stuttering Julie tried to explain, "They're for an, uh, uh, upcoming contest." 

"Sounds... fun." Laurel seemed enthralled.

Julie continued, "Yeah, I'm just practicing up on my oral technique."

"Ah, and how's it going?" 

"More difficult than you could imagine." 

"Well, maybe I can help." Laurel offered.

"Uhm, really?"

"Yeah, I ..." 

The door bell rang, interrupting their conversation.

"Hold that thought." Julie headed for the door. It was FedEx again. Another package. She took it into the kitchen opening it on the counter in front of Laurel. 

"Wow, now that's a dildo!" Laurel exclaimed.

Staring at the nine inch monster, "I may need your help." she gasped.

With the trio of sex toys now hanging in a neat row, Julie asked. "Would you like a glass of wine before we start? Its seems to help my daily ritual."

"No thanks. Can't drink on the job, but a glass of water would be great." Laurel pursed her lips and stared at the line of cocks before her.

Handing her the glass of water, "Have a go." Julie offered.

Immediately Laurel took a position in front of the newest member. "Go big or go home I like to say."

Julie watched, amazed at how Laurel's mouth engulfed the largest cock. She could see the bulge as it slid past her tongue and deep into her throat. 

"How can you do that so easily?" Julie asked as Laurel's nose lightly touched the sliding glass door.

Holding it there for perhaps a moment before releasing it. Julie watched as it seemingly sprang from her mouth. Laurel's mouth she replied as she came up for air, "Relaxation technique. And... it helps if you've had your tonsils removed." 

"Really?" Julie questioned.

"Absolutely. Do you still have yours?" Laurel asked.

"Nope. Had mine removed when I was a kid." 

Pressing her fingertips onto the side of Julie's head, "Okay then, now all you need is to relax the muscles that connect your mandible to your skull."

As she made small circular motions around Julie's jaw, "Now open and close your mouth."

Julie did, finding that he jaw seemed to move more freely.

"There, now give it a try."

Julie knelt in front of 'alien'. "I better try on the little one first." 

"Now just take a deep breath and stretch that jaw." Laurel cooed.