 It might help to read, if you haven't already, the first two chapters. As a recent contributor I appreciate any constructive criticism to help me write a better story. As in my other stories, all characters are over the age of 18. 

Hope you enjoy.



Laurel had been a wonderful teacher and though Julie wished she could stay longer she had to leave. Walking out to her car she looked back at Julie smiling, "Well my little protégé, I expect a call when your contest is over." 

"You think I have a chance at winning?" Julie asked. 

She chuckled. "Who cares about winning? Just remember, Go big or go home," and with that she jumped into her car and sped away.

With those words etched deep, Julie spent the remainder of the evening practicing. 

The morning of the contest came and there was one more item on the list to complete before the contest. Arriving at the salon Julie was ushered into a private room. 

"You want it all off?" the technician reiterated.

"Clean as a I came into this world." she answered laying back on the table. 

Within an hour Julie stood staring at her hairless mound in front of the mirror. She shuddered. 'I look so...so... naked.' 

This had been the first time since puberty her triangle of strawberry blonde hair was gone. Trying to look at the bright side she giggled. 'At least the boys won't get hairs in their teeth.'

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Goosebumps ran through her like electricity. If she had any hair left, except on her head, it would be standing as she watched the large black Humvee limousine pull up in front of her house. As the chauffeur came around to open the side door Julie stepped out. He handed her a small note which contained her seating arrangement for the contest and stated, "Do not show this to the men." Ducking her head she climbed inside. 

"Julie!" the others squealed in unison as Marcie handed her a drink.

"Hey girls." she looked around at the other five smiling faces. Towards the front Lisa was sitting across from Karin who appeared to be reveling in the moment.

The door closed as she took her seat amidst the activity. While heading for their destination Marcie addressed the others. 

"Okay ladies, inspection time! Off with your coats and show us your coochies." with that she flung back her fur coat to proudly display her hairless snatch. Quickly the others followed suit each examining the others. 

Lisa uttered. "This might be a tough contest for the boys."

Annette agreed as she gazed at everyone's perfectly clean vulva's. With the exception of two, whose lips protruded out perhaps a half an inch further than the others, they look identical. 

Pulling up to the front of Rioja's, Karin was first to spot the men waiting out front. "Damn, They're hot!

Seeing the men in tuxedo's turned the gals on even more. 

Marcie shouted. "Mmm they make my mouth water."

"I can't wait to get their clothes off." said Liz. 

Licking her lips Annette joined in. "Delicious." 

Wrapped in their coats they stepped out to be introduced to the male contestants. Julie having read an article somewhere, probably Cosmo, that explained the correlation between the size of a mans fingers and the size of his penis paid close attention. If the article proved true, tonight looked promising. 

It must have looked like a middle aged prom night to the other patrons as they paraded into the restaurant wearing tux's and fur coats. 

After dessert the ladies excused themselves to freshen up. 

The men paid the bill and returned to the limo. Before the ladies returned the men were handed two items. One, a nondescript black blindfold. Two, each received a different colored Sharpie. The men entered and went to their assigned seats. 

With their blindfolds fastened securely, the women removed their coats leaving them at the back of the limousine before taking their designated seats. Twelve naked breasts pointed toward the men. Six shaved snatches ached to be caressed. Before the lights plunged them onto darkness they gave each other a final look and smiled devilishly.

As the limo began to move. A voice came over the intercom. "Men, may I remind you. You will have two minutes with each female contestant. Only lips, mouths, tongues can be used. A tone will sound to begin your time. Every two minutes a buzzer will sound, informing you to move on to the next contestant. When you believe you can identify your partner write your name on their inner thigh. After you have finished all six women, an extra minute will be given. 

The girls all tensed. 

"Women spread you legs and let the games begin."

A short alert tone went off and Mark, who was directly across from Marcie, dropped quickly to his knees. Leading with his tongue he bent forward between the first set of wide spread legs parting her dripping wet pussy. His tongue darted in and out eagerly lapping at her sweet juices. Teasing her growing nub 'til too soon the buzzer went off.

Moving on he settled between the next set of legs, which just so happened to be Annettes. Her inner lips stood out longer than the other. His tongue dove in lapping at her juices. 

Lips covered in pussy juice he crawled around to the third set of legs. Karin's eyes rolled back in her head as Mark's tongue caressed her tiny bud. 

The fourth, Liz, also had longer inner lips which dripped with sweet nectar. 

Nine minutes in and he moved on. Lisa's slit seemed to ride higher in front then the others. He was sure this wasn't Annette but tasty all the same.

Finally he came to the final contestant. Julie had been anxiously awaiting a hot tongue. Being last, Julie's juice was already running down her crack and onto her butt cheeks. Her newly shaved lips tingled as Mark's tongue flicked across them. 

'Mmm.' Savoring the moment as Mark lapped at her sweetness. 'Go deeper.' she hoped as the tone went off. 

'Awww! I was just beginning to enjoy it.'

Julie sat back waiting for the next contestants turn. In Mark's final minute he ended up signing Liz's leg. 

Twelve long minutes Julie would now have to wait before the next guy would show his skills. And when he did she wanted to be ready.

Marcie's pussy pulsated as Rick's thick tongue dove in. As his tongue retreated he kissed her clit before nibbling and teasing it. Then he plunged his tongue in again. 

'Please don't stop.' hoping to send him a telepathic signal. But no sooner had the thought crossed her mind when the tone went off.

Annette's longer protruding lips seemed to intrigue Rick. He lightly tugged at them with his teeth then thrust his tongue inside.

On his third contestant, Rick had his head down a little to low causing his nose to strike first. 'No worries' he thought running it up her slit followed closely by his tongue. This sent Karin reeling. It was as if someone had turned on a faucet. Rick's tongue lapped at the tap as it ran down his chin.

He continued on. First probing Liz's love hole then following up with Lisa.

Soon his tongue speared into Julie. Keeping her knees bent she performed a straddle split her yoga instructor would have been proud of. Rick thrust his thick tongue deep inside. With each thrust, Julie would tighten her snatch around his tongue not wanting to release him. Whatever she did, he stayed through the buzzer sucking up her sweet juices before signing her pussy lips.

'Now that was a tongue fucking.' she was revitalized. 

With his mouth tight against her pussy Greg's tongue flicked at Marcie's perineum. Her legs shudder in excitement. 

'Send me over the edge baby. Send me over...' she caught her breath as he plunged his tongue deep inside. 

She could feel his thick tongue retreating as again it flicked toward her anus. Another shudder.

'Oh baby.' she held in the scream as she orgasmed. Her pussy shook as it's juices flooded onto Greg's tongue.

Still shaking she took another breath, 'Fuck me, that was crazy.' as the tone went off.

Greg continued his ritual locking his mouth tightly onto Annette's cunt. The tip of his tongue running lightly across her perineum before diving inside. Her inner lips seemed to envelop his face as he delved deeper. Annette's hips moved to the motion of his tongue. 

Karin braced for Greg's tongue as he knelt between her legs. His lips pressed firmly to hers his tongue exploring. Her anus tightened as his tongue playfully tickled her sweet spot. Her hips directed him back, lips parted. 'What I'd give to own this tongue.' She grinned. 'This is turning out better than I had imagined.' Moments later he was gone.

Lisa and Liz both came to Greg's talented tongue.

Finally it was Julie's turn. She soon discovered how differently men approached cunninglus. Greg's skillful tongue lit a fire between her legs. Seconds from exploding the buzzer sounded leaving her frustrated and anxious.

Liz was thrilled when the tip of the marker swirled across her thigh.

Joel moved onto the floor in front of Marcie resuscitating her clit with his tongue. Light slow circles at first, then a flick at the hood. He continued this tempo until the tone.

His time moved him quickly through the other girls until he knelt before Julie. Her straddle splits seemed to be a hit as Joel's lips pressed tight, his long tongue plunging deep inside. 'Oh, oh, oh...' she was nearing completion when the buzzer went off throwing off her concentration. 'Damnit.'

She was pleasantly surprised when Kevin jumped right in where Joel left off. The crescendo building as again the buzzer rang. 'O my god. what have I done to deserve this.' 

Julie recognized the last tongue as soon as it penetrated her lips. Long and thick Steve hungrily thrust his tongue deep into her well. 

'Oh yeah, suck it baby, suck it.' her mind reeling. 

What started as a dribble ended in a cataclysmic flood that continued on through the buzzer. Steve held on for the duration drinking from her perfect chalice. Her pert breasts heaving she smiled as the felt tipped marker ran across her pussy.

"Ladies, before the lights are turned back on keep your legs spread so the score can be tallied."

The lights came on as the guys quickly removed their blindfolds. Mark seemed puzzled when he discovered he had signed the inside of Lisa's thigh instead of Annette's. Lisa just scrunched her face up at Greg who had unfortunately signed Liz. Kevin grinned and slapped hands with Marcie when he noticed he had correctly signed her. Karin was beside herself that Joel had signed hers. Julie was beyond herself when not only Steve but Rick had both signed hers. 

Now it was all up to Julie. She knew Marcie and Karin would be a formidable opponents. She remembered that Karin was a spitter 'so I can't imagine she'll be much of a problem, Marcie on the other hand had told everyone how much she loved giving blowjobs.' If thats the case then she did not want to leave Marcie any chance.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The limo stopped at a rest stop where the girls, back in their fur coats, exited to freshen up.

While they were out the guys drew numbers and removed their trousers and underwear before taking their places.

Before they were blindfolded the ladies drew numbers, Julie was number five, followed by Marcie.

After taking their seats the limo hit the road again.

The voice came over the intercom. 'at the buzzer the next session will begin. Men assume the position.'

At the tone Karin, first up, dropped to her knees where the semi erect 7" cock hit her in the cheek. Unbeknownst to her it was Joel. With her warm wet lips she swirled her tongue around the bulbous head parting the slit with the tip. She kept this up for the entire two minutes and with the sound of the buzzer she moved on. 

Rick's 6 1/2" rod caught her on the chin as Karin leaned forward. Running her tongue down the shaft to his ball sac she then proceeded to return to the head. Sucking it into her inviting mouth she teased its crown with the tip of her tongue. 

On to her third contestant Karin was pleasantly surprised when her nose ran into a 7" cock standing at full attention. Seemingly smooth from its tight balls up to its engorged head. Licking at the slit her tongue retrieved a small pearl of precum before the buzzer. Its sweetness remained on her tongue as she moved on to the fourth contestant. 

Before she could open her mouth it's mushroom shaped head poked Karin on the upper lip smearing its precious juice towards her cheek. 

As the tip penetrated her lips, 'Ooh this could be my guy', taking another inch into her mouth. By the buzzer she was totally confused and moved on.

Karin's focus returned as her lips stretched around the head of the next cock. 

'Damn, it's big.' her pussy tingled as she retreated choosing instead to glide her tongue slowly down its 8" length. She flicked at his dangling ball sac then ran her tongue back to the head. Her breath quickening. 'god I'd love to fuck this.' 

Advancing to her sixth cock she hungrily sucked it's helmet into her mouth. As her tongue stroked the underside she considered her options. 'One, two, four, or six could be Joel. what should I do?' 

Knowing the odds were against her she signed Greg before using her final minute salivating on Kevin's turgid member. 

Annette used a different approach. Meeting Joel's cock with an open mouth immediately began bobbing slowly up and down the length of his shaft. She could feel his rising orgasm as the buzzer rang and she moved on to Rick. His mushroom shaped head and thick shaft slid quickly into her wet mouth. 

She continued using this same technique until signing Joel's balls during her final minute.

Lisa enjoyed the three one three combo. Three fast and furious up and downs sucking furiously followed by one slow lick from the perineum to the slit in the head then back to three vigorous up and down the shaft. After the first she began noticing slight differences. Not in size, for most were around 7 inches, but in shape and taste. Her first cock Joel's shaft along with three others were the same diameter from behind the head to their balls. All but two of the guys had ball sacks that hung quite low. Those other two had shafts that increased in size at the base with ball sacks that stayed tight against their shaft. 

No sooner had Lisa began her second 3-1-3 when Rick exploded in her hot mouth. Suck as she could he was still pumping out cum when the buzzer called her away.

Tonsils coated with cum, she moved on to Steve. Her head bobbed up and down, his cock sliding in and out of her salivating mouth. 

With the buzzer sounded she moved on to Mark.

She continued her technique with Mark and Kevin finally getting to Greg.

Knowing this was her final guy she went into a sucking frenzy trying her best to get him to cum. She moved back to Kevin for the final minute signing his balls before the tone.

Liz spent her thirteen minutes licking up, down, and around hoping to identify her partner to no avail. She ended up marking Rick. 

Julie began to panic. 'What if I can't pick out Steve? What if this ends in a tie?' Her mind reeled as the buzzer rang for to start.

Wasting no time she knelt between the first set of legs quickly finding and wrapping her lips around his hard cock vigorously massaging his dick with her tongue. 

Joel caught his breath as Julie's nose pressed against his abdomen. This is what he had been waiting for. Holding him deep in her throat she flicked her warm wet tongue across his nutsack. He exploded sending a stream of warm sticky nectar down her throat. She pulled back slightly allowing his second and third waves to fill her mouth before she swallowed. She loved the taste of cum and continued to milk him dry before the sound of the buzzer. Kissing the head she moved on. 

Next up was Rick. No sooner had her salivating mouth surrounded the head of his cock when he exploded. Julie swallowed his warm seed and proceeded to devour his quivering shaft. Before his third wave filled her mouth, her lips were tight against his root. 'Two for two.' she smirked.

The moment Steve's precum crossed Julie's taste buds she knew who it was. And as much as she loved the taste of his hot seed filling her mouth she wanted more to win. She was betting that Marcie, her closest competition, would have a difficult time picking the right partner if her mouth was filled with cum. And from the feel of it Steve had a massive load ready. Julie continued to tease, licking up the sides of his hard shaft and flicked at the head just to keep him ready. She was so confident she signed his balls before the buzzer.

Kevin, by far, had the largest tool in the shed, as Julie's mouth stretched around the head. 'Go big or go home' ran through her mind. 

Relaxing, as Laurel had taught her, Julie impaled her mouth onto Kevin's delicious specimen of a cock. 

She was caught in a dilemma. She needed a breath but wanted all of him. 'Or was it she wanted a breath but needed all of him?'

The moment her lips touched she ball sac she withdrew, needing air. Her retreating lips could feel the veins pulsating, signaling an explosion.

"here it cums." 

Gasping to catch her breath his first load struck across her nose and chin. Back down she went not wanting to lose a drop. The tone sent her next to Greg.

Julie was surprised to feel Greg's first blast hit her breasts before she had even started. Before she could move in he unloaded his sperm across her chest, tits and neck. She slowly moved in, sucking out what was left of his empty weapon.

Mark was last to explode and cum he did. She kept her lips locked tightly around it until the buzzer sounded.

As the buzzer rang Julie sat back down in her seat. Satisfied.

Marcie liked to slurp. Unlike the others whose lips locked on tightly Marcie used a different technique. She noticed immediately what challenges she would have by going last. Joel and Rick were both spent. And though they stayed hard throughout her session she was really looking for one of them to cum.

Saliva flooding her puckered lips Marcie sucked in Steve's cock. Twisting her neck back and forth as up and down like a piston her head pumped. Inching her lips down his shaft it erupted filling her mouth with sweet jizz. Greedily she slurped it down as his second wave caught her by surprise. Her back teeth were floating in cum. She choked slightly, backing off to clear her throat. As she did his third round hit her upper lip and nose. Not wanting to lose any of his precious seed Marcie lunged back swallowing load after load. She was still swallowing as the buzzer came on. 

With Steve's cum dripping from her lips she devoured the next cock without realizing that it was Kevin's. 

Greg and Mark both came under the skillful tongue of Marcie. 

"Men, keep your legs spread so the score can be tallied."

The lights came on and the girls removed their blindfolds. While Marcie wiped the cum from her face Julie burst out in screams. "We did it." Upon seeing Marcie and Karin's names on the wrong set of balls. 

"Rematch." the others heckled. "Rematch." 

"Not tonight..." Julie announced. Then grabbing Steve's soft cock in her hand stated. "... I've got a three day plan for this one."