 (this is chapter 16 in a series, it will make a lot more sense if you read them in order) 

*

The rest of the semester flew by as most things do when you are deliriously happy. Ken was spending most nights with us in our room snuggled between Tracy and me. The sex was incredible and I loved him and Tracy so much. I really felt like I was going to make it.

I was acing my classes, in fact, my professors had all told me how wonderful I was doing and that they were so proud of me. I was glowing. The Sigmas were still hovering around us but rarely did they ever have to do anything. After the story of my fight with Samantha spread not many people messed with me or Tracy. 

Occasionally a drunk guy in a bar would become a little touchy but my shining knights of Sigma would show up and save the day. I was really getting used to having real live guardian angels around me.

There were two weeks left in the semester and then we were going home for Christmas. Tracy was coming home with me, I was so excited. Her family was going on a cruise but she claimed she had to work. The sneaky little bitch. She had to work alright, between my legs. I felt my crotch tingle. But who was I to complain. Ken was driving us home. I was so excited to see my parents. I was on top of the world until the phone rang.

"Chello." I said in a playful tone.

"Kim, it's Scott. We have a plan." He said.

My heart stopped. I had just about forgotten about that. However, it all came flooding back like a wave. Me bent over the boxes getting fucked by the fat white guy. Me bending over the counter getting fucked by him again. Me swallowing load after load of the black guy's cum. Me riding the black guy with his huge cock buried in me. The pool hall, the frat room, the rush party, the gang of guys in the back room.

"Kim?" Scott's voice and I snapped back.

"Sorry." I said.

"Are you ok?" He asked.

"Yeah, I had kinda put that stuff away in the back of my head and it just all came rushing back." I said.

"I am so sorry Kim. We don't have to do anything if you don't want to." He said.

I thought about that for a minute. I was so happy. My future was bright. I was having a load of fun. Then I thought of lying in bed with Tracy or Ken and looking up at the ceiling and seeing the fat guy. I didn't want that anymore. I wanted him out of my head. I wanted to think of something else when he was mentioned.

"No, Scott, I have to do this. What do you have?" I said.

"Come over tonight and I will explain. Bring Ken and Tracy. No secrets." He said.

"Ok, we will be there around 7:00." I said.

"See you tonight sweet Kim." He said.

We went over and Scott explained the plan. It was pretty simple, we knew his cousin was the police chief so we had to keep them out of it. We had to disable the security system so he couldn't call for help and then disable the video cameras so our little visit could not be recorded. It sounded good until Scott explained that the controls for all of that went through the bathroom. We couldn't just cut the security system, it would go off. We would have to get Joey into the bathroom and then buy him enough time for him to disable the systems. Joey was a senior in Electrical Engineering and the expert in the frat. Scott said they had already been there and Joey estimated it would take him about 15 minutes. We would need to distract Henry until Joey finished and then Scott and the guys would come in and our fun would begin.

I took a deep breath.

"I will do it." I said.

"What?" Ken and Tracy said at the same time.

"I will distract Henry until Joey can get the systems down." I said.

"No, you will not. We will think of some other way." Ken said.

"Ken, how are you going to keep him busy for 15 minutes without him getting suspicious and calling his cousin the cop?" I said.

Ken started to say something and then closed his mouth.

"Kim is right. She can easily keep his attention and we will be right outside. All she has to do is scream and we will rush in, damn the cameras. Joey will work fast and we should be able to keep her safe." Scott said.

"Then I am going with you." Tracy said.

I looked at her and she looked very determined.

"Honey, no, I don't want to put you in any more danger." I said.

"Too bad, you go, I go. That is the deal, take it or leave it. Anyway, I can be distracting too and maybe he will struggle with two of us there." She said.

"Tracy is right too." Scott said.

"Who's side are you on?" I said to him.

"Baby, I am on your side for life. Tracy will help. He will be even more distracted with the two of you there. It will keep both of you safer." He said.

Another deep breath.

"Fine." I said.

"Scott, we have to be able to get in there quick, I don't want that bastard touching her again." Ken said.

"We will Ken." Scott said.

We talked a little more and everyone agreed to the plan. We would do it on the way home from school. We all left and went back to our dorm.

The two weeks flew by, I was so excited. I could not wait to get my hands on the fat bastard that caused my entire life to be turned upside down. All the pain and humiliation was going to come out of me. Samantha got off easily compared to what I wanted to do to this guy.

My last class finished and Tracy and I decided we wanted to have one last night of fun before we headed home. We would get dressed up real nice and go to dinner and then dancing. Ken was going to meet us for dinner and then spend one last night fucking our brains out before we would have to be creative to be all together. 

I showered and slipped on my pink lace bra and panties. Tracy was sitting in front of her mirror in her robe, brushing her hair and putting on makeup. I walked behind her and kissed her ear.

"I love you." I whispered as I nibbled on her ear.

She moaned and leaned back against me. 

"I know." She mumbled. 

I slipped my hands around her and then down to grab her boobs. Her nipples hardened in my hands. I kissed down her neck and sucked on her shoulder. I wasn't going to leave a mark but I wanted to. I wanted to mark her as mine. She was breathing heavy and pushed her boobs into my hands. I squeezed them hard and then kissed her on the lips.

She tilted her head back and kissed me back hard. I squeezed her boobs, pinched her nipples, and kissed her for about 5 minutes. I broke the kiss and looked at her.

"Oh Kim, I love you so much." She said.

I moved around in front of her and pushed the bench back. She giggled and spread her legs. Her robe fell over her thighs. I picked up the edges and peeled it back. Her beautiful pussy was glistening. I leaned over and ran my hands around to grab her butt. I pulled her to the edge of the bench and began to snack on my girlfriend's pussy.

I kissed her clit, licked all down her slit, sucked on her clit and she was now breathing really hard and holding my head. She was mumbling gibberish and it sounded a little religious again. I ran my tongue as far into her as I could. I felt her juices on my face as I buried myself between her pretty legs. She groaned and then came hard. I held onto her as she shook and screamed. She relaxed and then I pulled away slowly. I knew my face was shiny and I smiled at her.

"You are so pretty, especially with me all over your face." She said and leaned over and kissed me.

She ran her hands over my head, running her fingers through my long blonde hair. 

"What are we going to do baby?" She said.

"What do you mean?" I said.

"Well, are you prepared to stay with me after we leave school?" She said and I saw tears in her eyes.

I jumped up and hugged her.

"Sweetheart, I want to spend the rest of my life with you." I said and my heart flipped.

"It is going to be so hard. There are so many ignorant people out there. Are you ready for all of that?" She said into my chest.

I pulled back and looked at her. Tears were running down her cheeks. I wiped them off with my fingers. She sat still and looked at me.

"Tracy Jones, I am devoted to you and love you with all my heart. You have been there for me always as I went through my tough times. I will be with you always. If I am with you then everything else is irrelevant." I said and looked directly into her pretty eyes.

She sniffled and wiped her nose.

"I am such a crybaby." She said and reached for a kleenex.

"Yes, but you are my crybaby. Mine and mine alone for the rest of your life." I said and hugged her head to my chest.

She wrapped her arms around me and we stayed there for a few minutes, neither of us wanting to let go.

"Are you nervous about the trip home?" She said.

"A little, are you?" I said and pulled back to look at her.

"I am terrified." She said.

"Oh honey, you don't have to do it." I said.

"I know, but I would feel worse letting you go in there alone. If you are with me I can put up with anything. I fucked 168 guys with you, right?" She said and giggled.

"Yes, you did babygirl." I said and hugged her again.

I felt her slap my ass.

"Now let go of me and get dressed. I have to start all over." She said.

I laughed and walked over to my closet. She wiped her cheeks and started again on her makeup. I picked out a yellow sundress. It was light and fun and perfect for tonight. It would also allow easy access to me if Ken or Tracy wanted to touch me and that was very important. 

I slipped it over my head and twirled. I loved the way it spun up in the air, giving everyone a nice look at my thighs. I sat on the bed and waited for my sweetie to finish her preparations.

Tracy wore a jean skirt and a tube top. She looked good enough to eat but I already did that. I would most likely do it again before the night was over. Ken came to meet us and we walked hand in hand to the restaurant. Ken got lots of looks with two pretty girls holding his hand. I wondered if he would stay with us too after school was over. I looked at him and smiled, he was my champion, he always has been and I hoped he would be for the rest of my life. I took a deep breath and tried not to worry too much about it.

We had a lovely dinner. Tracy and I giggled the whole meal and teased Ken without mercy. We were sitting at a round booth and all of us were on a seat that wrapped around. Ken was in the middle and I put his hand on my bare leg. He flinched and I knew his cock had just sprung to life. I leaned over and talked to Tracy.

"Honey, are you having a good time?" I asked.

"Yes, I am, the food is lovely. My fish is firm, just like I like it." She said and giggled.

I moved my leg closer to Ken, opening my legs slightly.

"Great, my dinner was wonderful. The vegetables were wet and juicy and they tasted heavenly." I said and Ken's hand slid up my leg.

"Ken, how was yours?" I said.

"You are so cruel." He said.

"What? What did I do?" I said, innocently.

"You know what you are doing, you are making me want to throw you on this table and fuck the shit out of you." He said and pushed his finger against my panties.

I lurched up and he laughed.

"Ha, what's wrong Kim?" He said as his finger found my slit beneath my panties and pushed on it.

"Nothing, I am fine." I said in a strained voice.

"Would you guys like anything else?" The waiter said and I looked up.

I tried to stay composed as Ken rubbed my swollen clit in small circles. I heard Tracy squeal a little and I looked at her. Her face was flushed and she looked a little embarrassed. I knew Ken's other hand was between her legs.

"What do you have for dessert?" Ken said and looked up at him.

The waiter looked at Ken's arms as they disappeared under the table. He looked at me and I smiled and shrugged. He smiled back. He was kinda cute, dark, wavy hair and a sweet smile. He looked a little like a pirate and I loved pirates.

"Well, sir, we have cherry pie. It has a wonderful flaky crust. We also have a creamy pudding that is wonderful. We have a chocolate cake that is the specialty of the house, smooth, moist, and feels wonderful on your tongue." He said.

"Hmm..those sound great. What do you think these ladies would enjoy? First, Miss Tracy over here." Ken said.

"I don't know sir, I don't know her well enough to know what she would like." He said.

"Tracy, lean back and let this wonderful young man get a good look at you." Ken said and she leaned against the back of the booth.

The waiter's eyes lit up as he looked at her tube top and her boobs rising and falling as she took deep breaths. Her eyes were closed and Ken's arm was moving faster. I saw her nipples hardening. 

Ken took his hand from between my legs and reached up and pulled her tube top down slightly until her boobs popped out. He motioned for the waiter to sit and he slid in next to Tracy. The waiter grabbed one of her boobs and bent over to kiss it. Tracy gasped. He licked her nipple and then sucked on it. His other hand was squeezing her other boob and pinching the nipple.

She took a deep breath and then bit her lip hard. I saw her body lurch up and then drop back down. She shook gently for at least 10 or so seconds. She relaxed and Ken removed his hand. The waiter pulled up her tube top and stood up.

"Cherry pie for this one. Sweet and tender." He said and wrote something on his pad.

"Ok, now for Miss Kim. What do you think?" Ken said and looked at me.

I leaned back and let the waiter look at me.

"You know though, there is something on the floor that has been bothering us all night, do you think you could climb under there and check it out?" Ken said.

My eyes popped open. The waiter looked around quickly and then jumped under the table, pulling the tablecloth closed behind him. I looked around the restaurant in a panic as I felt hands on my thighs and my legs spreading wide. I scooted close to the table so no one could see my open legs. I felt a warm breath on my thighs and then a wet kiss on the inside of my right thigh. I gasped and put my head in my hands.

"What's wrong, Kim. Are you alright?" Ken asked with a smirk.

"Yeah, just fine. Just concentrating." I said.

I heard Tracy giggle and Ken laugh. I looked at them and then my mouth opened in surprise as I felt my panties pulled aside and a warm tongue on my open pussy. I closed my mouth and tried to stay calm. I sure didn't want everyone looking at me and wondering why my face was red. I put my head in my hands again and tried to breathe slowly.

He was really good. He licked up my pussy nice and slow, pausing at my clit and licking it softly. He kissed it and then sucked gently. I jumped and tried to push my hips into him without falling under the table. Tracy giggled again. I gave her a smirk and then bit my lip to keep from screaming.

My orgasm raced up my legs and paused in my crotch. He was sucking on my clit. He bit down and I came hard. I held onto my head with my hands and bit my lip hard. My body convulsed as he licked me through it. He pulled away and I saw him stand up. I was still shaking slightly as he pulled out his pad.

"Definitely the chocolate cake. Smooth, moist, and feels wonderful on your tongue." He said and smiled.

I looked at him with a desperate look as my body came down off of the cliff. I took a deep breath and leaned back as he walked away.

"So I guess we are getting dessert." Ken said with a smirk.

Tracy and I both hit him on the arm at the same time.

"Ouch, what was that for?" He said.

"For just giving us over to some waiter." I said.

"So you don't want me to do that anymore?" He said.

I looked at him and he was smiling. 

"Well, I didn't say that." I said and I saw Tracy blush.

He smiled at me and took a sip of his water. He leaned back and put his arms behind his head and looked at me and then at Tracy. He looked like a king looking over his harem.

"This is going to be a lot of fun." He said.

I looked at Tracy and then back at Ken. I smiled. Yes, it was.

We finished our desserts and then left the restaurant. We went dancing in one of the local bars. Everyone was happy and ready for break. 

It was a wild night but no one messed with us. The Sigmas were everywhere and it felt like I was surrounded by secret service. Ken danced with both of us, sometimes at the same time. He was getting a lot of high fives from his buddies as he ground his cock into our butts on the dance floor. I was happy for him, I had put him through a lot. It was nice for him to feel proud and I was proud of him. Tracy and I put on quite a show for everyone. We left no doubt that Ken would be fucking us both tonight. I saw a lot of sad faces as we were all over our man.

It got late and I was ready to go home. My pussy was on fire from all the teasing. Ken was dancing with Tracy and I was sitting at the table. She had her back to him and her arms around his neck. He was kissing her neck and his arms were on her belly. Her ass was pushing against him. They looked really cute and hot as fuck. I felt a little greedy as I thought of the fact that in an hour or so I would have them both naked and with me. I smiled and downed my drink. They walked over to the table and I motioned Ken over. He sat Tracy down and came over to me. He stood behind me and put his hands on my shoulders. He leaned over and kissed my cheek.

"You need to take us home and fuck us hard." I whispered in his ear.

He pulled back and looked down at me. He was smiling but still a little scared. When was he going to understand that he had two women at his disposal? Oh well, we would just have to keep convincing him. He looked over at Tracy and she smiled. I winked at her and she giggled. She put her finger in her mouth and sucked on it. She pulled it out and licked the tip. I felt Ken's hands squeeze my shoulders. I looked up at him and his eyes were blazing.

"Tracy, sweetie, are you ready to go home? I am so hot in here, how about you?" I said.

"Yes, Kim, I am really hot too, and wet." She said as she leaned over the table.

"Oh fuck, let's go." Ken said and lifted me up.

Tracy and I both giggled as he took our hands and led us out of the club. We passed a lot of people and the guys were all looking very sad as we pranced by. We left the club and the cold air sobered me quickly. We walked slowly back to our dorm. We entered the lobby and the girl behind the desk smiled and motioned us through. Ken was a regular now, he rarely signed in. We made it to the room and I closed the door and leaned against it.

"I am so fucking hot." I said.

Ken and Tracy looked at me and their eyes lit up when I pulled my dress over my head. I tossed it on the chair and walked up to my lovers. I kissed Tracy softly and then Ken. I wrapped my arms around both of them.

"Please make love to me." I said to both of them.

I felt Ken's hand move up my back and pop my bra open. He was getting really good at that. Tracy pulled it off me and kissed my nipple. I put my hand around her head as she sucked and licked my nipple. I felt Ken moving down and I felt his hands on my butt. He rubbed my ass and then my thighs. I moved my legs apart and his hands moved to my upper thighs. He slid them around and touched my inner thighs. I squirmed and moaned. Tracy bit my nipple gently and I squealed. I felt my panties move down my legs. Ken lifted my feet and pulled them off. His hands started back up my legs.

Tracy was now licking my other nipple and standing right in front of me. Ken was behind me and rubbing his soft hands all over me. My pussy was throbbing. His fingers slipped between my legs and touched my lips. He slipped a finger between them and slid around in my wetness. I gasped as he touched my clit. I was so close and I needed to cum badly. I felt Tracy's head move and I realized she was kissing down my stomach.

"Oh God, please." I whispered and I heard her giggle.
