 Fuck me, I was tired. 

The journey back from Scotland seemed to be taking forever. We had been training around Kinlochleven, and the weather had been characteristically horrendous. For two weeks we had been Yomping up and down mountains, conducting quarry days, abseiling and doing cliff assaults. The intensity, much like the weather, had been relentless. Fatigue clawed at my muscles and my back ached from carrying the Bergen. 

I considered myself fortunate in one respect; I'd driven straight from a course in Newcastle to meet the rest of the company to conduct the training. This meant that I was able to get away earlier than the rest of them; their coach wasn't due until tomorrow, and would take around 14 hours to get back to the barracks in Plymouth, as opposed to my 10 in the car. 

My eyes felt heavy; the rain was pounding on my windscreen and the wipers were making a gentle rhythmic clunking sound as they moved frantically to clear the rain. There seemed to be nothing on the radio, my mind wandered as the monotony of the wet tarmac rolled on. 

The air was humid, with thunderstorms expected, so I turned on the air conditioning in an attempt to keep the windscreen, and my brain, clear. The cool air blasted my face, but I was becoming increasingly drowsy. I opened the window for some proper fresh air. The fat rain drops spat on to my face, momentarily providing a stimulus, but I knew I'd need a break from driving soon, or I'd likely drift off.

At this point, I'd been travelling for three and a half hours. At best, I still had another six or seven to go. My petrol gauge showed that I had just under a quarter of a tank left; I decided that the next service station I came to, I'd have to take a break. 

I was somewhere near Lancaster when I decided to refuel and rest, pulling off the slip road and into the car park of the services. I parked as close to the entrance as I could, pulling into a space and switching off the engine. I sat for a moment, hoping that the rain would subside, but there was no respite. I had to go in, but knew that the first few seconds would see me completely drenched, not least because I'd left my coat in the boot of the car. 

Opening the door, I braced myself for the deluge and the inevitable pain in my legs and back that came from driving for so long. I hurried to the boot, grabbing my coat out and slamming the door. It was a near impossible mission to try and put it on, so I threw it over my head ran for the entrance, my head down to shield my eyes from the driving rain. 

I got into the entrance and shook my coat off. I was absolutely piss wet through, my t shirt looked like I'd sprayed it on. I spied the toilet sign and headed towards it, deciding I'd use the hand dryer to dry myself off. 

Walking past the café, I noticed a large clock on the wall: 1820. I stared at the clock as I walked, working out that I would probably get back to the barracks around 0100, depending on how many more stops I would have to make to stop myself from falling asleep. As I looked back across the café, I noticed a girl sat alone reading. She looked up and seemed to be watching me as I walked. I'd been wrong about these things before, so I looked over my shoulder to see if she continued. 

She smiled at me as our eyes met, I smiled back, and she looked down, as if to continue reading.

'Oh; technical' I smiled to myself as I turned into the toilets. A technical is when two people check each other out; basically means you eye fucked each other. 

And that was DEFINITELY a technical. 

I dried my t-shirt and the inside of my jacket as much as possible before heading back into the lobby and café area. Instinctively I looked for the girl at her table. Fuck. She'd gone.

I scanned the room, hoping that I'd spot her, but nothing. I went and got a coffee and sat at the hard plastic table. 

I closed my eyes briefly and pictured her; I wasn't sure what she'd been wearing under the table, but the fitted shirt she wore had accentuated her full breasts and petite shoulders. Her pretty face had rested on a manicured hand as she stirred her coffee. I was threadders now, having seen her, I'd hoped for a bit of flirting at least as a way to distract me from the driving hours ahead. I pondered the image of her in my head some more, recalling her dark hair, swept into a ponytail, revealing a slender neck. 

I had only had a few sips of my coffee, when I realised how awake I felt. I put it down to the combination of my drenching from the storm and the mental stimulation of the girl. 

I bought a couple of Red Bulls and a sandwich from what must have been the most expensive shop in the world; British motorway services being the modern equivalent of Dick Turpin. The rain had eased to just spitting so I ran to the car, fuelled up at the petrol station and continued my journey. 

I'd been driving for another three hours, wide awake thanks to the Red Bull kicking in, and was lost in my own world, singing and dancing away to David Guetta at full volume. 

It was just before 2200 now, the motorway was quite quiet and the rain was just a patchy effort. The clouds had mostly cleared, and the sun was low in the sky, making a bright orange smear across the horizon. 'Red sky at night; shepherd's delight' I thought to myself. As a kid I was told that that meant that tomorrow would be a better day. 

I hit the M5 motorway, unaware that my journey was about to get considerably more interesting.

Singing and cutting shapes with my arms, I passed a rather sporty Audi. I looked at the driver. She looked at me. 

"Fuck!" I exclaimed. It was her; the mysterious girl from the services. My heart leapt with excitement and I realised I was grinning like an idiot. She smiled and laughed at me and I instantly felt embarrassed at the dreadful car karaoke display she'd witnessed. I decided to brazen it out, returning her smile and winking at her. Shockingly cheesy, but it worked as she blew a kiss back to me. The play stopped as soon as it had started, as I saw lights flashing in my rear view mirror, apparently the impatient twat in the car behind me didn't appreciate the fact that I was flirting. 

I sped up and moved in front of her to let him pass. Looking in my mirror, I saw her dancing, singing and looking at me, mocking what she'd just seen me doing. I chuckled to myself and held up my index finger. She responded with an exaggerated gasp and moved to overtake me. Pulling alongside me, she blew a kiss and waved as if she was going to exit at the next junction. Instead, she sped off, demonstrating the fact that her car was more powerful than mine. I tried to catch her, but my car just didn't have the uptake because it was full of kit. 

About two miles later I caught her, only because she had slowed to allow me to. Coming alongside her, she gave a sarcastic disappointed face and tapped her watch. I shook my head and nodded in agreement. I wanted to know more about her so I fumbled in my glove box and found a pen and an old envelope, scribbling as thick as I could 'Hi im Daz' and held it up for her to read. She squinted, reading the message, smiled again then fumbled around in her car. 

She evidently found what she had been looking for and wrote on the window 'Im Alex'. She'd used a lipstick. Genius. Not only was this girl pretty, she was creative. She wound down the window, apparently trying to clear the message. As she wound it back up, the lipstick smeared in long streaks. Using a tissue to try and wipe, she ended up smearing it even more. I couldn't help but laugh; maybe she wasn't so bright after all! She looked embarrassed, but managed to clean it off a bit before I moved in front of her again. Looking in my mirror she was miming something, pointing at me, then moving her hand in front of her mouth back and forward. 

Fuck, she wasn't doing what I thought she was, was she?! That's the blowjob sign?! I raised my hand and shrugged my shoulders to express that I didn't understand. She came alongside me and repeated the sign, pointing down the road. Damn right I wanted her to suck me off! I smiled widely and nodded, repeating the sign back to her and giving her a thumbs up to show how much it would be appreciated. Her face went through a few expressions within seconds; confusion, realisation, shock, and then finally fits of laughter. She shook her head and signalled 'NO!' With a slower motion she tilted her hand back and forth in front of her mouth then decisively pointed at a sign. 

I looked at what she was pointing at.

SERVICES COSTA COFFEE

The realisation hit me like a punch to the gut 'FUCKING DOHHHH!' it was a sign for the next services and she had been signalling do I want a coffee, mimicking sipping a cup. I slapped my forehead and shook it signalled 'sorry' and gave her a thumbs up. She laughed and moved in front of me and I followed her off the exit to the services. 

We pulled up next to each other and she gathered together her things as I got out. My legs had stiffened again and I felt all my joints clunk as I straightened up. The rain had stopped but the air was still humid and damp. The natural light had completely gone now, and my eyes adjusted to the electric glow of the lights. I closed my door and she got out of her car. I moved to the front of mine, looking her up and down for the first time. 

This Alex girl had a fantastic figure. A dark coloured fitted skirt came to her knees, her high heels emphasising her slim legs. The white shirt I had noticed earlier hugged her slender waist, and as I caught her side profile her breasts looked high and firm. Even in her heels, she was smaller than me, perhaps 5'3". She looked at me as she locked her car, putting her bag over her shoulder.

I heard her voice for the first time:

"Hi, we haven't officially met! I'm Alex!"

"Hey Alex, I'm Daz, pleased to meet you!"

"Well Daz, I was due a coffee, I've still got a long drive ahead of me but thought you might like to join me?" she said, smiling.

I laughed to myself. 

"Really? Gutted, I thought you were offering me something else!" 

"Yeah, I kind of gathered that! But let's start with coffee, shall we?!" She moved past me and headed to the entrance. My brain caught on and I widened my stride to catch her up.

"Hang on, did you just say start with coffee?!"

She smiled but said nothing as the double doors opened and we entered the building. The place was dead; all the lights were low, there were only a handful of people in the coffee shop and just a few staff dotted about. 

"What can I get you?" I said as we chose a table.

"That's very nice of you" she smiled, choosing a booth for us to sit in "I'll have a Latte thanks." 

I went to the counter and got the coffees, then sat down with her.

"So, where you heading to?" 

"Bude. You?"

"Small world. I'm heading back to Plymouth, so only about an hour or so from you. I've been up in Scotland." 

"Really? Was the weather up there as good as it is down here?" she asked, cupping her hands around the coffee and sipping it.

Her lips looked soft and I took in her features. She was even better looking up close, and I could just smell a trace of her perfume in the air. I was suddenly conscious of the fact I must have smelt musty as I had been driving for hours. There wasn't much I could do now though, and the fact she was still here was a good sign. 

"The weather was shit, I've spent the last two weeks climbing mountains and I think we only had one clear day the whole time."

"What did you want to go and do a stupid thing like that for?" she teased.

"I kind of have to; it's my job" I laughed. 

"Oh, intriguing! Let me guess! You're in mountain rescue? Ooh, do you train St Bernards?!" she giggled and looked at me expectantly. 

I chuckled, it's rare to meet a girl who is witty and attractive. At least in my experience. 

"Nope. I'm a Marine. We have to do mountain warfare training every few years. We switch between Snowdonia and Scotland. It's a bloody ball ache and relentless."

"Ah, I see, that explains it..." she tailed off, looking pleased with herself.

"Erm...explains what?" I said, puzzled by where she was going with this. 

"The physique," she nodded towards my chest, almost imperceptibly biting her lip before sipping her coffee again. 

I could feel myself blush and moved uncomfortably in my seat.

"Er, I'm sorry, I don't think we've met before, so how would you know what I look like under here?!"

"I saw you in the other services. When you walked in, it was like a Diet Coke advert!" she chuckled.

"What? How do you mean?" 

"You know in those ads, a hot guy walks in either topless or all wet, and the room seems to go into slow motion, with all the girls staring at him intently. That was you earlier; your t-shirt was soaking wet and stuck to your body, then when the lights shone on you it accentuated every single muscle..." she grinned, enjoying my embarrassment. 

I simultaneously laughed and almost choked on my coffee as I felt my ego boost about ten notches and confirmed my thoughts about the Technical earlier. I felt my cock twitch in recognition.

"Wow, thank you I'm truly flattered! I'm sure you noticed, but you caught my eye back there too. You're really pretty." My compliment, though sincere, felt weak in comparison.

"You're welcome. Unfortunately good looking guys generally turn out to be egotistical twats who think that they can get what they want..." she replied, winking. I couldn't tell if she was joking. 

"Really? Well, I can honestly say I'm humbled by your compliment."

"I doubt that, you're only here because you thought I wanted to blow you!" she laughed hard at my mistake, whilst I winced with embarrassment at my assumption.

"All I can do is apologise, I've been Yomping up and down mountains in the rain, so clearly I'm not that bright!" 

"That's true!" She giggled, sticking her tongue out at me. 

"And..." I countered, "it would seem that you like to take coffee with egotistical twats, otherwise how do you explain suggesting we pull in here together?" 

"No, I like to take risks and have my assumptions challenged..."

My mind began to race; this was either just banter, or the beginning of a conversation to find out more about each other. I'd already been wrong once tonight, and to be honest I was just enjoying the conversation and company. Despite that, I couldn't help my cock swelling a little every time I looked into her eyes or inhaled her perfume. There was a pause for a few moments, so I decided to try and keep the conversation normal and break her assertion that guys all thought the same thing. Whilst trying to hide the fact I was obviously aroused in her presence. Good job she couldn't see under that table, or the straining in my jeans would have given me away. 

"Anyway, you haven't told me what you do, or much about you, come to that. What's your excuse for travelling on a Saturday so late...?" 

"There's not much to tell really. I was up north in Whitehaven for an interview for a Hotel Managers' position. That and my Gran passed away last week; her funeral was today so I had the interview yesterday, stayed with my mum and then set off back straight after the funeral."

"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Are you from up that way? How did the interview go?"

"Don't be sorry, I hardly knew her, I was literally there for my mum and to go to the interview. It went brilliantly, I got offered the job. I'm from near Whitehaven originally but moved to Bude about six years ago to manage a hotel there. It was great at first but it's getting boring now. I need a new challenge. My mum doesn't have much family back home so I thought I would look around there. I've said I'll consider the position but it's a big move going back up north and leaving all my friends."

I listened intently as she talked, watching her expressions and her lips, I was taking it all in, but I couldn't stop my mind wandering, I was thinking how much I wanted her. 

"Hoofing! Congratulations! So, what's your celebration plans?"

"I don't know, coffee with an egotistical stranger?" she looked at me with a straight face which broke into a big smile. 

"I see. Well, maybe I should get you a cake and balloons, or something stronger to drink! Turn this into a proper party!" I laughed.

"You wouldn't be able to handle me on a night out, trust me! I lose all my inhibitions when I'm drunk..." she replied with a very mischievous smile and a raise of her eyebrow.

"You're not the only one who likes a challenge you know. I'll have to take you out and see your wild side compared to this innocent persona you have going on..."

She burst into laughter and held her hand to her mouth.

"Trust me, I am FAR from innocent!"

"Well, let's find the nearest nightlife and find out!"

She glanced up at the clock.

"Well, maybe I'll hold you to that, if we ever meet again. But I'm afraid it's time for me to go; it's going to take me hours to get home."

"That's a shame. I thought you liked to take risks and have adventure? Maybe I could get your number? Arrange another coffee or you could show me that "wilder" side." I said, sarcastically air quoting the word.

"I'm afraid I can't, I don't think my boyfriend would approve of me giving my number out or going out with strange men..."

My heart sank. Fuck. I'd just assumed that she was single; it hadn't occurred to me that she'd have a boyfriend. She was just cock teasing after all. And now I'd lost forty five minutes off my journey for nothing but a coffee and chat. Great. 

"Well, would he approve of you having coffee with a stranger?" I asked. 

"I told you, I like to take risks and have my assumptions challenged. I must say you've proved most worthy of that. Besides, we're just two people chatting in a service station aren't we? Nothing else."

"Yes, I guess we are. Ok, it was fun chatting to you, it's broken up the monotony of the journey." I didn't know what else to say.

Alex stood up, gathering her things. 

"It's been fun Daz, and thank you for the coffee. Maybe we'll meet again and it will be my turn to buy." 

I remained seated and looked up at her. 

"I hope so; if it's fated."

"Bye Daz. Safe journey."

She leaned forward and kissed my cheek softly, the scent of her perfume filling my nostrils and the softness of her cheek against mine. She paused for a moment then turned and walked away. 

"Bye Alex."

I was gutted and watched her tight arse as she walked out, her heels tapping on the tile floor. I imagined what she would look like all wet like I had been earlier, her shirt clinging to her body. I had to look away and finish my coffee as it would have driven me nuts to see her leave. 

The tapping of heels stopped abruptly. I looked up and saw her turn around and walk back towards me. As she came up to me, she leaned down to me and whispered softly in my ear:

"I forgot. I did say coffee first, didn't I? Follow me."

She turned and hastily walked away. I was dumbstruck for a moment then got up. Was this another tease of hers? We were headed toward the toilets, I was looking around and nobody was watching us, the few people that had been in the coffee shop when we arrived had left and the staff were engrossed in cleaning the coffee machine. 

The entrance of the toilets was typical of service stations; a wide layout with doors leading from it; ladies to the left, men's to the right, disabled on each side. And in the middle: 'Baby Changing'. Alex opened the door to the baby changing room and looked coyly over her shoulder at me as I moved in pursuit of her. She tilted her head to one side, gesturing for me to follow. I entered the room, briefly glancing over my shoulder to see if anyone had noticed us. All clear. She moved quickly, closing the door and locking it behind me. 
