 Please vote and comment. 

***

He'd always desired older mature women but rarely ever had much opportunity until he met the woman who'd become his wife. They first met at a bar near his base. 

He was instantly attracted to her. She was in her late thirties, medium build, and nice face. She's the kind of woman that smiles with her eyes in that sexy way that drives men wild. She's mixed Caucasian, Hawaiian, and Japanese standing almost 5'3 with dark hair and full lips. Her body was sexy and so desirable to him. 

He was in his late twenties, 6ft 215lbs with a medium athletic build with tattoos . He was clean shaven and had that handsome military look. His cock was perfect for her, nearly 8 inches and just the right thickness.

She had always been a bit insecure about her body. After having two kids already, she had some subtle stretch marks in some areas and her stomach wasn't flat as some of the younger girls. She didn't realize until later that, all the things that she was insecure about, were a total turn on for him. He loved her body more than any other he had seen. 

Their relationship started out pretty hot after she happen to discover a box full of kinky sex toys and porn he had acquired during and after his last relationship. At first she was a bit offended but not because of what it was, but rather that he hadn't used these with her or told her what he was in to. They had only been sleeping together for a few weeks at this point. 

They had both been in previous relationships where they felt compelled to suppress their sexual desires, but not this time. Her discovery opened the door to a world of. It was all on the table now, she could tell him what she liked and what she wanted, and he could fuck her anyway he desired. 

Now that they had disclosed their enthusiasm and willingness to explore sexually, they began trying all kinds of new things together. They reached a level that take most couples years to achieve. She loved when he would call her a slut, a whore, or any other nasty name she imagined being for him. They used vibrators, dildos, butt plugs, and all sorts of things to make each other cum. He would dominate her as she watched porn, spanking her with his hand or even that leather belt of his. She loved when he would hold her by the neck as she came. It really turned him on to see how easily her pussy could stretch over massive dildos, and he would often double penetrate her with his cock and her toys. 

He began to become more and more comfortable the more they explored. One afternoon they were both getting really brave with each other. He started by playing with her nipples and rubbing her pussy with a vibrator careful not to make her cum but just enough to drive her wild. He turned her over and positioned her to her knees on all fours. He reached for their favorite dildo that they referred to as "Big" and lubed it up. It was a thick 8 inch cock with balls and a suction cup. The cyberskin material was soft and flesh like. It was perfect for double penetrating. He stuffed her pussy full of cock, positioning the dildo on top of his own cock so that the balls would rub against her ass while his own would press against her dripping cunt as he pounded he gaping fuck hole. 

As he pounds away at her stretched pussy, he began to imagine pushing her even further. He pulls out the dildo and his cock, then rolls her to her back, and positioning her legs up to expose her well fucked cunt. She's already dripping with cum as he begins finger fucking her. He adds more lube to the point that she's an absolute soaking mess. She's now become curiously aroused even more as he starts telling her how he wants to stretch her pussy like a real slut. He starts adding more fingers and eventually works his entire fist into her fuck hole. She felt so full finally, and hadn't realized how much she needed this. He rubbed his hard cock back and forth over her clit until she erupted on him. He watch as he slowly removed his hand from her, her cunt was stretched and his hand was covered in lube and her juices.

He stroked himself as he looked at her lying there like a well satisfied whore. So turned on by what they'd just done, he slammed his dick into her sloppy cunt until she came again. Just after she came, he pulled out and covered her gaping cunt hole with his hot cum.

--------------------------

The following evening, they met up again. She was sucking his cock while she was fucking herself with their favorite realistic dildo when he pushed her mouth to his balls and began stroking over her face. She looked up to see his reaction. She knew immediately it was her turn to explore him. As she ran her tongue over his balls, she began to move even lower.

He was smoothly shaven from cock to ass and she loved pleasing him. As she began to lick lower now passing his balls, he began to breathe a little heavier and she could tell he was really enjoying it so she continued to push lower, secretly trying to find his boundary. To her surprise he loved it when she began to tongue fuck his ass. It made her feel like such a slut. The slut she'd always wanted to be. It made her feel so good seeing him pleased with her and turned on by such an act. He then fucked her brains out and filled with his hot cum just as she orgasmed. 

He liked ass play but never had the courage to actually confide in anyone about it since it's kind of taboo for most men. The next time they got together, she was the same cock hungry, ass eating whore that she was last time. He was a bit more prepared this time, clean and ready for anything. Just as last time she sucked his cock while she played with herself. They had porn on in the background and the sound of people fucking just turner her on more. As he she sucked him she began transitioning lower again to his ass and he immediately grabbed his cock and some lube, stroking that cock as she licked tongue fucked his ass. 

She was feeling bold, especially since he had called her his ass eating cum slut and he was really into it. She rubbed his opening with her thumb and he reached out to grab the lube and handed it to her. She knew right then she was going to be inside of him. Her pussy trembled as she began to finger his ass while he worked his cock. She was a bit surprised that he was as receptive. It's not like she didn't know exactly how it felt as he had done this to her plenty of times. She grabbed the vibrator and began to run it across his balls and down to his ass when she looked up at him, she knew he wanted more and she began to push steadily into him. His cock was rock hard and she was dripping wet. She starting picking up the speed and he was grinding back at her. She really wanted to see her dildo, Big inside of him. She had been riding and grinding on it already. She set the vibrator to the side and pulled, Big straight from her soaking wet cunt and into his ass. She was gentle at first and then steadily began to increase the power and speed. After a few minutes he pulled her up and onto his raging hard on. She rode his cock until he rolled her onto her back and pushed her up, sliding a pillow beneath her ass. It was then that he gave her the hardest and deepest pounding of her life. She suddenly orgasmed and he pulled his cock out of her pussy and made her clean it, then slammed it back in and filled her cunt with his cum. Her orgasm continued for what felt like two minutes. When she finally stopped trembling, they laid there exhausted and satisfied.

Later that evening they were talking about porn and things they thought were sexy when he told her about reading erotic stories. He sent her the link to Erotica and she began to read stories from time to time. Her mind would be racing as she read these naughty stories and wondering which ones were real. 

Sometime later as she was told him how turned on she was by one of the stories that reminded her of them. He read it and was pretty turned on too. It sounded just like them and then he began to write their story. 

He decided to publish it on Literotica and to surprise her with the published copy of their story. He was a bit nervous but knew she would be turned on by it. She'll always imagine readers masturbating to them.

She'll definitely be reading your comments.

The End