 Melissa stood in front of her full length mirror with her hands on her shapely hips considering herself. "What should I wear?" She asked turning around and looking at her backside and frowning slightly. One thing that she hadn't been blessed with was a butt. She was about as flat as they came in that department.

"What you've got on is nice." Stephanie chimed in. 

"Ha ha." The redhead responded spinning slowly back to face the mirror again. She was practically nude, a red push up bra that made her already impressive cleavage stand up and demand attention. She had matching black trimmed crimson panties with bows on the hips. "I can't go out in this." She pouted prettily her painted lips pursed as she looked at her friend.

"You're right. We gotta get you a pair of shoes. I think I like the strappy black ones." Steph teased.

Sarcastic laughter was again the only response. Melissa turned her green gaze to the her bed where a couple of outfits where sitting, a slinky full length dress with a slit that would come up about half way down her knee. The second was a red dress that only came about half way down her thigh and a huge cut was taken starting at her right shoulder and wrapping around her stomach to her right hip. She knew from experience that the dress required her to go without panties, the slit was cut far enough down that anything she wore beneath would be seen. No bra, no panties. She'd be bare in that dress. "The black and white." Steph said. That was the third outfit. It barely qualified as an outfit. It was made up of three pieces. A black bra top with a belt like bottom and white polka dots scattered over it. There was a metal buckle on it that sat right between her breasts making sure her tits stood at attention. The bottom was a pair of boy shorts that ended half way down her ass with white stitching around the waist and legs. It came with knee high black stockings. 

"You're joking." Melissa said strutting over to the outfit and staring down at it. It was scandalous. She couldn't go out dressed in just that tiny thing! She wore more than that to sleep in most of the time. It was absolutely slutty.

"Do I ever joke? I mean about important stuff. You told me you wanted to get some, that you've been getting The Ache." Steph taunted. The Ache was a bit of an inside joke between the girls. When Melissa went more than about three weeks without sex she'd get The Ache. She claimed it was a genuine pain in her stomach, like when you were really hungry but the only thing that would help was cock. "If you want to make sure that you'll be choosing whoever you want wear that."

Melissa considered the outfit a minute longer then put the others away. "Let me get a few pictures. You know Rob is gonna flip over these." The girls squealed in unison and then Melissa stretched out on her quilt pattern couch smiling as her girlfriend took a picture. A second was her on her back with just the tips of her toes, her ass and her hands touching the couch. A final had her on her hands and knees playfully clawing at the camera. "Go on get dressed." 

It felt a little silly putting on an outfit that really only covered her undergarments. She was only slightly more covered up and she felt more revealed. "You're serious aren't you?" 

Of course Stephanie was serious. Her outfit was even more decadent. It was just a fishnet dress that ended just beneath the curve of her ass. She was wearing a black bikini beneath the mesh which made the brunette just dressed enough to walk around in public without risk of arrest but that was about it. There could be on questioning what was on her mind, what her goals for the night where.

Compared to that outfit the itty bitty teeny weenie white polka dot bikini top was down right conservative! So she pulled it on over her bra carefully adjusting the straps. The white stitched boy shorts at least completely covered her ass completely and unlike Stephanie's outfit didn't clearly outline the folds of her womanhood. They would have to get Melissa home before they'd find that she trimmed her pubic hair into a thin 'landing strip' unlike her partner in crime who had completely denuded herself. So Melissa shimmed her shapely thighs back and forth working the fabric up over her ass. "You have to wear the stockings." Stephanie commanded and the redhead nodded in agreement strutting over to her dresser and pulling out a pair of black transparent stockings. Pointing her toes towards the camera she sensually pulled them one after the other, more posing for pictures than actually dressing. "Rob is gonna flip."

"Might want to make him some duplicates." Melissa teased. She was leaned over fastening the straps on a pair of black heels and smiling for the camera. Stephanie made sure she got several pictures of the bent beauty. "I mean we both know the first set's gonna get all sticky and he's gonna want these around for a while." 

"Maybe we should just email them to him?" Steph asked while Melissa started putting on her make up, just a light layer of blush and some eye shadow. She was a natural beauty and make up just covered that up.

"And have him blame me for shorting his computer!" Both girls laughed. "C'mon we have to hurry up if we are going to make the seven o'clock train."

"We're taking the train?" The color dropped from Melissa's face at the mention of the train. Of course they were taking the train, it was the only way to travel in to the city from their tiny suburb. She just hadn't really thought about the fact as she was getting dressed. 

"Of course Mel, now come on!" Steph wasn't the least bit shy about the idea. "I'll even buy you a shot at Calhoun's." Calhuns was the name of the local bar. It was just a bar, maybe twenty stools and enough room between the stools and the wall to get to the end but narrow enough to cop a feel free of charge. 

"Can I get a shot here first?" Melissa asked sheepishly. There was no reason for Melissa to be shy about her body, none at all. She'd even done a bit of professional modeling in the last few years. Stephanie was always teasing her about the fact that she wasn't worried about being seen by thousands of people in on a magazine or in a movie frolicking around in a bikini that didn't actually cover her completely. Granted the 'wardrobe malfunction' was the kind of thing only a thirteen year old boy would ever notice but her nipple was clearly visible during one of her shoots.

"Sure."

It wasn't a shot. It was four. Four shots of Patron Silver and she could already feel it warming her belly. It was a quick jaunt from the house the bar where Melissa got her fifth shot of the night, a Liquid Cocaine. 

The train ride itself was pretty uneventful. If it wasn't for the pack of old women who scowled at the girls and whispered cattily amongst themselves for the entire forty five minute ride the ride would have been without event. Unfortunately she wasn't alone. She was with Stephanie. 

"You see how she's looking at us? She wouldn't be lookin at us if she was this hot." Stephanie sneered as and threw one of her bare legs over Melissa's pulling the red head towards her. Making certain they were being watched she cupped Melissa's face and pulled her close and kissed her.

Melissa's eyes shot open as her friend planted the kiss on her. It wasn't the first time she'd felt a woman's lips on hers. It was the first time Stephanie had tried to slips her moist pink tongue into Melissa's throat. Melissa claimed that it was the liquor but it was a rush and that was why she wrapped her arms around Stephanie pulling her closer and squishing their breasts together. She mumbled a weak protest when she realized that Stephanie had gotten her hands beneath her top and she was toying with her nipples. 

"Well I never!" The crotchety old woman exclaimed while Stephanie straddled Melissa. 

"If you had you wouldn't be all alone." Stephanie taunted grinding her hips against Melissa's.

"Ok that's enough." Melissa said and pushed her friend off her lap. 

"Aw but I wasn't done yet." Stephanie moaned as she slid back into her seat spreading her legs.

"Stop that!" Melissa squealed slapping her friend's thigh. "I can't believe you did that!" Melissa squealed as they got off the train and started towards the club a few short blocks from the train station.

"Oh that was just the beginning." Stephanie said as the pair strutted down the streets.

"Hey shagbag! How much you chargin?" A husky voice called from a car. Melissa blushed lowering her head and walking faster.

"If you have to ask you can't afford us honey. We come as a pair!" Stephanie shouted back.

The line to get into Delicious Sins was literally wrapped around the block when the pair arrived. "Holy shit." Melissa's jaw nearly dropped as they did a lap around the block. "We'll be out here half the night!"

"Couple of cats arching for it like you two, you get in no cover." The bouncer called lifting the velvet rope to let the two ladies in. "Have a good time." The girls could literally feel his eyes on their flesh.

As soon as they were in the club that changed. It was like every eye in the place was crawling over them. Well the male eyes were inspecting every enticing inch of flesh, the females were trying to bore holes in them both. It took less than a minute for the first man to make a pass at the pair and Melissa sent him packing with just a toss of her hair. "C'mon lets go buy a drink." Melissa said reaching into her purse while they walked.

'Buy a drink? Are you insane? Girls like us don't buy drinks!" Stephanie exclaimed. 

On cue two men rose from their stools at the bar and offered them up. The girls paid for their drinks with polite smiles and their names, a fair trade for a Long Island Ice Tea and shot of tequila. When one of them asked Melissa to dance Stephanie smiled explaining that she was already promised the first dance. As soon as the drinks were empty the girls got up and strutted out to the dance floor.

"They really weren't that cute anyway." Stephanie said as the two made their way to the floor. "C'mon lets get the boys up in a frenzy and then pick the best ones." Melissa grinned and agreed her friend to the center of the dance floor and closing her eyes. A minute later she could feel the heavy drum beats in her hips which were swaying back and forth almost of their own accord. Stephanie was doing the same, Melissa couldn't see her of course, but she could feel her friend. The girls were close enough to feel each other's breasts brushing against each other.

It was probably just the liquor getting to her but Melissa was enjoying the feel of the other woman's body against hers. Her nipples were hard pebbles straining against the tight fabric sending the occasional shock of arousal through her body. Melissa had always been attracted to Stephanie but the liquor combined with the fire growing in her belly she threw an arm around Stephanie's waist yanking her even closer. A minute later she was straddling Stephanie's thigh and grinding back and forth against it.

When the first song ended there the girls were both glowing from the dance. "Mind if I cut in?" A handsome blonde asked as he slid up behind Melissa placing his hands on her hips. She answered by backing into hip pushing her ass against him. 

The first thing she noticed was his girth. Even through his slacks she could feel enough of his cock to know he was impressive, either that or he had a gun in his pocket but she liked the first thought more. "Is that all for me?"

"If you want it." He responded. One hand cupped her belly lifting her just slightly off balance. Melissa didn't protest all, she just pushed her hips back against him. 

It took her a few tries but Melissa managed to trap his cock between her cheeks. "Oh I want it." She purred turning back to face him, her hips starting to churn against his. "Can you handle it is the question." 

He didn't even try to say another word until after the song ended and he lead her over to a table where he already had a pair of drinks waiting. Melissa's sole regret of the night was that she didn't remember what the name of the drink he got her. She remembered that it was pretty, some kind of layered shot she'd never even seen before. Clear on the bottom with a golden center and dark brown top so it almost looked like it was floating at first glance. It had only lasted long enough for her to up end it though and the taste wasn't anything she remembered later.

"You have to tell me, is your name as pretty as you are?" The blonde asked casting a faux coy glance at his own drink, a double shot of vodka on the rocks. 

Melissa took a moment to size him up running her finger around the rim of her shot glass. He was taller than her but not by much though, he was probably less than six foot. He as slender, gaunt in a sexy way, he had nearly hollow cheeks and a southern drawl like a cowboy. "I'm Melissa." She said extending her hand out to him. "What's your name?"

He grinned slightly running one hand over his peroxide blond spikes. "James." He answered after a second. James managed to bring his gaze up from his drink for a moment. "It is a pretty name. Mel what'll you have to drink?"

Normally she hated being called Mel. It made her sound like she was a middle aged man. The way it oozed off his tongue like warmed honey was enough that she let it slide. "I want a blowjob." Mel purred. James didn't giver her a chance to back off that and he brought a shot glass topped with whipped cream and another shot for himself. "A Blowjob is always the first thing a girl should do when she meets a cute guy." Melissa put her hands behind her back and stood up leaning down to take wrap her lips around the shot glass. Then she threw her head back taking the entire shot in a single gulp then setting it down. "You like?"

She got the look she wanted from him. James' ice blue gaze was frozen in shock right where she wanted them. They were on her, and on her face, not her breasts or her ass and not on any of the other women in the club. And she was staring right back, memorizing every detail from the tiny scar that parted his left eyebrow and the dimples forming on his cheek when he started to smile. "I like it a lot." She could see his tongue roaming her mouth before he spoke and she wondered what it would be like to kiss him. "I'm no good at small talk Mel, so how bout you follow me onto the dance floor." It wasn't a request. James wasn't the kind of man to make requests. As soon as he'd finished speaking he was on his feet and pulling her off her stool

Stephanie was surrounded by a small crowd of guys when Melissa and James returned to the dance floor. "He's a cutey!" Stephanie shouted to her friend as one of the guys pulled her against him rocking their hips together. "But you can have him! I've got three!" She spun away from the man holding her and pressed herself against another wrapping one leg around him and leaning back dramatically shaking her tits.

"I hope I'm enough for ya. I have to admit I'm not good at sharing. Comes from being an only child." James said taking Melissa by the hands and twisting her body back and forth several times before spinning her all the way around. He had her arms crossed over her breasts pinning her body against his. It was less than a full song when Melissa realized her head was swimming and it wasn't the liquor this time. It was him. 

James was doing this to her. It was the feel of his body moving against hers that was exciting her. It was his fault her skin was flush and slick with sweat. When he spun her back to face him his hand was at the small of her back keeping her against him. He locked his eyes on hers leaning close enough to kiss her. Melissa could feel him breathing, not just the movement of his chest, it was his breath on her lips, then along her shoulders. 

When he found her spot, just behind her left ear her legs went soft and she fell against him. "Whoa there little lady, can't go fallin down here."

"Let's go." Melissa whispered harshly.

"Go?" James asked brushing his fingers up her spine to the same spot beneath her ear.

"Don't play stupid. I know you know." She purred nipping at his shoulder.

"I reckon I do. What about your friend?" 

Melissa smiled. "She can either come along or she'll find a way home. Let me go talk to her.

"You hurry up now!" James palmed her ass lifting her up as she walked away. 

Melissa squealed as she ran over to Stephanie wriggling through the crowd. "Oh my God are you going to be ok here cus I need to go right now!" 

"You sure do girl. Even in here I can smell that girl juice simmering. Does he know what he's getting." Melissa bit down on her lip and nodded excitedly. "Then get on girl! And as soon as you get there text me the address so I can pick you up!" Melissa squealed in anticipation and ran back to James who literally swept her off her feet and onto his shoulders walking her out of the club like a prize.

It took James fifteen minutes to get to his apartment. It would have taken less time but he sat behind a green light staring at Melissa anxiously crossing and recrossing her legs, rubbing them back and forth against each other. The gentleman from the club was gone by the time they parked. The brute in his place pulled Melissa from the car and into his arms and savagely kissed her.

It was the hardest she'd ever been kissed, he was crushing her lips and he forced his tongue into her mouth. It was like being with an animal, his hands were clawing at her flesh pulling her shorts down just beneath the hump of her ass. A cheek in each hand James lifted Melissa and pinned her against wall. "God yes!" Melissa cried tossing her head back. James' lips twisted into a feral signal of joy before moving to her throat licking and biting at her until he was right beneath her ear running his tongue back and forth. "Fuck me!" Melissa managed to hiss past her clenched teeth.

She wriggled against him working her shorts down her thighs and off. "You need it bad don't you?" James twisted suddenly flinging Melissa onto his couch. He unfastened a single button then yanked his shirt overhead tossing it to the floor. Melissa felt her mouth water at the sight of toned chest and beneath that a nearly smooth stomach that faintly hinted at the six pack just beneath the surface. The next thing James removed was his pants and boxers, dropping them as he walked toward her. 

Melissa's mouth went slack as she caught her first sight of his cock. Her stomach clenched so hard she gasped. She could only guess at its length in the moment she got to stare at its probable seven plus inches. As soon as he got to the couch he shoved her back against to grab her by the ankles. She was nearly upside down when he stretched her slit around his fleshy spear.

James impaled her. It took him one stroke push all the way into her moist hole. His weight drove her shoulders down into the couch cushions. As soon as she caught her breath Melissa threw her head back and howled. Her legs sciccored shut around his waist pulling him deeper into her body. Melissa would later remember this as the first time in her life she'd truly been fucked. It was that intense. She was little more than a ragdoll in his grip. His fingers dug into her hips hard enough to leave slight bruises as a reminder for days of the savage lust she'd been the victim of. 

Being used was new and exciting for Melissa. James had started with long, hard strokes pushing as far into her each time as he could nearly squeezing her down into the groaning couch, sliding it just a bit with each thrust. Even if she'd wanted to escape his grip she couldn't have. Escape was the last thing on her mind she was more interested in getting closer to him, getting him deeper inside her, getting more of him, getting all of him. Melissa's legs clenched around his middle and her back arched as far as she could manage. She braced herself against the couch meeting each thrust with her own. 
