 I'm not the kind of girl who takes a stranger home to her bed. Not usually.

Don't get me wrong. I've had my share of one-night stands. Only they were with friends of mine, or ex-boyfriends. And it always leads to that awkwardness. Are we together? Are we back together? I swore off the one-night stands. I no longer have the fortitude for breaking hearts.

But I digress. 

I've always had a theory that your New Year's Eve will be a good indicator of the upcoming year. This particular New Year had a promising start. I got off work earlier than expected, then stuck around the restaurant where I wait tables part-time to have a drink. Midnight rolled around. Champagne flowed. The ball dropped. I found my tongue entwined with that of the cute bartender I'd had a mild flirtation with. I don't think it's the champagne talking when I say that he was a fantastic kisser. In fact, I may well have wound up taking him home, but for the fact that I don't hook up with friends anymore. Or co-workers for that matter.

Once the revelry had died down a bit, people started drifting out of the restaurant - going home, perhaps, or in search of longer-lasting parties. The cute bartender brought me another free drink with a smile. I smiled back, then surveyed my surroundings as he went off to schmooze the actual paying customers. I noticed a guy watching me from a few seats down. He was cute, in that sort of obviously ironic way. His hair was mussed. He sported a three-day beard, torn jeans, a button-down shirt and a blazer. He was sipping at the last of his drink. When I caught his gaze he held it - he didn't pretend he hadn't been watching me. I found his reaction enticing.

"What are you having?" I indicated his near-empty glass. 

"Just a coke. Trying to sober up. You know how the cops are on New Year's Eve." He grinned ruefully.

"I hear you." I hopped up, grabbed his glass, and went around the bar to refill his soda. When I returned, I slid into the seat next to him, reaching over for my Long Island Iced Tea.

"You work here?" He asked.

"Yeah. I'm usually out the door the second my shift is over," I confided. "But parking was a bitch today, so I walked here. Now I've just got to wait for one of my co-workers to finish up and give me a ride home."

"You live nearby?"

"About a mile from here. I'd walk, but you know. All the crazies are out."

"I could give you a ride," he offered. "I assure you that I am not one of the crazies."

I had my doubts about that. The smile he gave me was just a shade predatory. Maybe it was the champagne, but it excited me even more. I checked my watch. It was nearing 1am, and I had to work the next morning. I downed my drink in three long swallows. He cocked his eyebrow, impressed.

"All right. Let's go."

"I'm Jared, by the way," he said as I took him by the hand and led him towards the door.

"Kate."

It took us nearly twenty minutes to get to my place. The streets were still clogged with drunken celebrants and police cruisers. We pulled into my parking lot. Jared rubbed his hands together nervously, or maybe I was projecting, and he was just trying to keep warm. In the small space, I could tell he smelled amazing, like aftershave and cloves. I was taking a mental inventory. It had been nearly six months since my last relationship had ended. Six months without sex. It didn't really bother me so much, but suddenly it seemed a terrible idea to let this good-looking guy who smelled so good drive off into the night.

"Listen." I turned to him. "The traffic is still really bad around here. Why don't you come up, have some coffee, wait for the streets to clear a bit?"

"Yeah, sure, that would be great." I could tell he was relieved that I had invited him up, so he wouldn't have to bust out some transparent line we would both see through.

He followed me up the stairs to my small efficiency apartment, reaching up and touching my hips to steady me when I almost lost my balance in the dark. I switched on the light, put some coffee on, flipped on the stereo and turned on the heat to warm the place up a bit. He stood against the wall, awkwardly taking in the surroundings. I walked up to stand near him. His body heat radiated off him. 

"Coffee should be done soon."

"Great."

"I'm sorry I don't have cable or anything."

"Oh, that's cool." He was rubbing his hands together again. I reached up and took them in mine. They were cool and rough.

"I may be able to come up with a way to keep ourselves occupied." I kept his hands trapped in mine as I pressed my body against his. I leaned in to kiss him - a light kiss, but slightly openmouthed.

"Look, I don't want to give off the wrong impression," he began. "But I'm just in town for another four days. I'm visiting my family for the holidays." He watched my face. He was awfully close, but I didn't step back.

"I don't want to give the wrong impression, either." I whispered, leaning closer to his ear. "I don't care how long your in town after this. I'm only in this for tonight."

With that he let any last pretenses of being gentlemanly go. He freed his hands from mine and hauled me up by my shirt, so I was on my tiptoes in front of him. Our eyes were level. I closed mine as he kissed me. He was an aggressive kisser. His mouth forced mine open, his tongue invading my mouth, hot and wet and searching. His beard scratched my face. He kept hold of my shirt as he forced me backwards across the room to my bed, never breaking the kiss. I clung to his shirt just as hard, so that when he pushed me to the bed I pulled him with me, his weight crushing me. I turned my head to gasp for air as he buried his face in my neck, sucking and nibbling down the side, biting gently at my collarbone. I forced my fingers in my mouth and bit hard down on my hand to keep from moaning too loudly.

Jared pulled back and I sat up slightly to allow him to pull off my black t-shirt. He pulled my bra down around my waist, releasing my breasts. His mouth fastened on my left nipple, clamping down with more force than I was accustomed too. He twisted and pinched my right nipple at the same time, and I wriggled and moaned beneath his weight as bolts of pain and pleasure shot through my body. We shifted up higher on the bed so our legs weren't dangling off, and I pulled at the buttons on his shirt while he unfastened my pants and slid them down around my hips, pulling my panties off with them. Without any preliminary he shoved his tongue inside of me, then withdrew it and sucked on my clit. I bucked up, trying to cram as much of myself into him as I could. He shoved a finger in me while he nibbled on my clit, then another, curving them around inside me like a hook so he could manipulate my g-spot. I let out a guttural moan and clamped the muscles of my cunt around his calloused fingers.

"You're a noisy one aren't you," he muttered, as he finger-fucked me harder. I could only grunt in assent. It had been so long since anyone's fingers beside my own had been inside me, I felt like I was about to go crazy from his touch. Without warning he withdrew his fingers and mouth from me, and I whined my frustration. He stood up and unbuckled his belt.

"Maybe we'll just have to put something in your mouth to shut you up, bitch," he said. The gleam in his eye belied his harsh words. He had had me pegged from the time we had walked in the door, maybe sooner. I know what I want, and I go after it, but after a certain point, I don't like to be in charge anymore. I felt a shot of electricity run through my cunt as I realized that he knew what i wanted, what I craved. I stayed silent, wiggling my ass against the bed in involuntary anticipation as he slipped his jeans down, revealing his hard, angry, fat cock. He got back into the bed, and sprawled out on his back, his cock jutting up, twitching, waiting for me.

"Suck it," he commanded, and I eagerly rushed to comply, positioning myself so that my thighs were by his rib cage, so he could see my ass and my dripping pussy as he watched me suck his cock. I licked it all over, soaking it, and reached around to gently squeeze his testicles as I took him all the way in. He was a good size - I could deep-throat him comfortable, but his girth stretched my mouth wide. He couldn't hold back a groan of his own as I alternately sucked and licked his throbbing shaft. 

"Now who's the one who needs something in their mouth?" I stopped my ministrations long enough to smart off. I was rewarded with a quick, stinging slap to my ass. The delicious shock of it made me shudder all over.

"Who told you to stop sucking, slut?" He growled. I dove back to the task at hand with renewed fervor. He bucked into my mouth, fucking it, periodically slapping my ass and dragging a finger over my clit, which made me suck him even harder, deeper. he grabbed my left thigh and pulle dit over him so that he could eat me while I sucked him off. I ground my pussy into his face, until he pushed it up higher.

"You like that, don't you slut?" He whispered triumphantly, smacking my ass again, three times in rapid succession. I lost any concentration I had at that point.

"Will you please fuck me?" I begged, breathlessly. He had been waiting for me to be the first to give in. I didn't have to ask twice. He flipped me over onto my back and positioned himself against me, swinging my legs up over his shoulders, bracing himself against the bed, his cock rubbing against my slippery clit.

"You want me to fuck you?"

"Oh, God yes."

"Yes what?"

"Yes, please. Please, please, fuck me." I could hear myself panting breathlessly. I didn't care what he did, how he fucked me. I needed it. Still, he held off.

"What do you want?"

"I want your cock in me. Please, please, oh, I want to feel your hard cock inside of me, filling me up, please, oh please, just fuck me with your hard cock." I could barely believe it was me talking like that. I mean, I talk dirty, but I didn't even know this guy. He flashed that predatory grin again.

"You want me to fuck you?"

"Please, yes."

"Like this?" With that he sank into me, all the way to the hilt. I gasped at the sudden sense of fullness, the brief sense of pain - it had been so long. My eyes rolled up in my head in pure ecstasy. He stayed that way for a moment, grinding even deeper inside of me, his pubic bone jutting into me. He pulled all the way out of me, keeping his hands by my hips to hold me still and to steady himself, rubbing his cock against my clit again, then pounding into me again in one long stroke. He kept at that pace for awhile, pounding me relentlessly, each time bottoming out, hitting my g-spot.

"Oh, you fuck me so good," I managed to pant out. I was thrashing my head from side to side, overwhelmed by sensation. i grabbed his ass trying to pull him even deeper inside me. He switched positions so that I was folded in half, his full weight on me. He put his hands on either side of my face and bent down to kiss me again, his tongue forcing my mouth wide apart, and darting in and out, mimicking the motion of his cock as it pistoned in and out of me. I could taste myself on him.

"You like that?" Jared muttered, pulling back. He kept my face in his hands, so I was immobilized. I couldn't break his gaze. He kept up the rhythm, shorter strokes now, faster ones. I was beyond speech again, and I whimpered my assent.

"Are you close?" He asked. 

"Yes," I managed to choke out. 

"Good. I want you to come for me. I want to feel you come. I want to feel your juices all over my cock. I want to make you come so hard you forget your own name."

His words brought me to the brink, and when he leaned down to kiss me again, it pushed me over the edge. His mouth was on mine, cutting off my air, and I moaned and gasped around it as I came, my cunt shuddering around his cock, my whole body convulsing. I almost blacked out from the intensity of my orgasm and the lack of oxygen. When I finally went limp beneath him, he lifted up off me slightly, but stayed inside of me. My head lolled to the side. I was spent, and he could tell. He wasn't having any of it, though.

"I'm not done with you yet, bitch." He withdrew his cock from me suddenly, and I almost cried from the emptiness. He lifted my limp body and flipped me over, positioning me so that I was on my knees, ass up, chest and forearms pressed into the bed. He slapped my ass, three, four, five times, each time harder than the last. The stinging adrenaline coursed through me, perforating my post-orgasmic stupor. I bit down into the pillow to keep from making any noise.

"Good girl. You keep nice and quiet." He smacked my ass again, hard, as he entered me. His hands gripped my ass cheeks, holding me in place as he pounded into my pussy relentlessly, slamming his cock all the way into my cunt. His strokes weren't as precise as they had been earlier, and his breath was ragged. I could tell he was close to coming, especially when he stopped as a second orgasm tore through me. He stayed inside me, perfectly still, though his cock twitched and jerked a little inside me as each ripple of pleasure waved through my cunt. He smacked my ass as he started again, pausing to keep hitting me, alternating cheeks. I tried to muffle my moans in the pillow, but soon gave up the pretense. I pushed myself up with my forearms a little and turned to watch him as he fucked me from behind.

"Do you like to fuck my pussy?" I whispered lasciviously. Do you like pounding me with that fat, hard cock?"

"Did I tell you you could talk?" He growled this, but I could tell he liked it by the way he pounded into me harder. I persisted.

"Do you like fucking me, you bastard? Do you like taking me from behind? Do you like to smack my ass, you cocksucker?" He grunted again, a sound of frustration and pleasure. He reached down and wrapped his fungers in my hair, pulling it tight and jerking me up so that my back was arched. Another bolt of that delectable pain shot through me. He kept hold of my hair to brace himself, and reached his other hand around to caress my throat.

"You fucking slut," he groaned, tightening his grip on my throat. I reached up with one hand and braced myself against the wall, and reached down with the other to pinch my nipple while he slammed into me.

"I am a slut. I'm your fucking slut. And you're going to come inside me, because I'm your fucking slut, and I want to feel your come inside of me."

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh, I'm going to fucking come, oh, you fucking whore," he cried out. He tightened his grip on my throat again as he filled me with his hot come. The edges of my vision began to darken as I came again, milking his softening cock of its last spurts. We collapsed together then, and I managed to squirm out from under him just before I fell asleep.

I expected Jared to be gone when I woke up, but when the first rays of sun hit my eyes, he was there, and already awake. He was straddling my bare chest, watching me sleep, stroking his rock hard shaft. The moment he saw I was awake he moved up and forced the tip of his cock into my mouth. I moaned and protested half-heartedly, but he had pushed himself even deeper, so that soon his entire length was down my throat. I could still taste traces of my juices from the night before. My mouth was a little dry, but that seemed to excite him even more. He fucked my face, slow at first, then faster. I reached down to touch myself, but he pinned both of my hands above my head.

"You're not in charge here." He reminded me. I smiled around his cock, then bit down gently. He yelped and scrambled off me.

"The fuck?" He said angrily.

	"New game plan. I AM the one in charge here." I said smugly, as I pushed him on his back and climbed astride him. I pinned his arms as he had mine, and he submitted, a new look of curiosity in his eyes. I contemplated making him lick his own come out of me, but decided against it. I needed cock, not a tongue. 

I moved down, positioning myself over his cock. I sank down on it, wincing a little, still sore from the pounding I had taken the night before. I rocked slowly back and forth, feeling myself getting wetter and wetter. As I moved, my breasts swung hear his mouth, and he tried to capture my nipple and suck on it. I lightly slapped his face. 

"Who said you could do that?" I teasingly scolded him. I released his hands, but he left them over his head like a good boy. I intensified my pace, caressing my breasts and pinching my nipples with my left hand and rubbing my clit with my right as I moved with him inside me. I closed my eyes amd threw my head back, feeling him watch me as I used his body to get myself off. I brought myself to a shuddering orgasm, clamping down around his hard cock, then let him slip out of me as I laid back down.

"Now ... as you were ..."

Jared clambered to straddle my chest again, but didn't feed me his shaft as before. He was impatient. He began to stroke his cock quickly. It was still slick with my come. I could hear the gentle slapping noises as he rubbed faster and harder. His face contorted into a grimace, and then he came on my chest, sighing in relief as his warm come shot out at me.

We lay there in blissful silence for a moment until my alarm went off. I had to get ready for work.

When I emerged from the shower he had gone, leaving only a note on the crumpled bedsheets.

"See you at midnight."

It was looking to be a good start to the year.