 After Missy and Mark left the next morning, Sara and I began getting the downstairs ready for Missy to move in around Thanksgiving. They told us that they would probably move in the weekend before Thanksgiving since Mark was heading to New York the Sunday morning after the holiday.

Of course, in the process of cleaning up the basement area that Sunday afternoon, Sara and I made sure the bed in the room was strong enough to handle two people fucking each other's brains out. After that, we made sure it could handle it twice. We were both excited that we were having a permanent fuck partner move in. I may have been a little more excited.

"I love the feel of a woman," Sara said somewhat complaining as I was on top of her, fucking her for the second time that afternoon. "They really know how to touch and shit, but the only problem is they don't have a dick. When a woman makes me cum, its never as an intense as when a cock makes me cum."

"Yeah, but from what I've observed, one cock doesn't make you cum as hard as when you are playing with two or three, or…ten, cocks."

"Fuck you, you bastard," was her sarcastic reply. "How are you gonna keep your tongue in you mouth when Missy walks around topless?"

"Yeah well, between the two of you, I don't know if there is enough of me to go around. Anyway, when you two go out, it'll probably be a competition as to who is the bigger slut."

"Well, who do you think is a bigger slut?"

"I now Missy gets around, especially at school, and I know she has fucked several of Mark's friends, but I don't think she has ever gone out and seduced a group of guys to fuck her," I told my wife as I turned her over and raised her ass in the air so I could enter her ass. "So I have to figure you're the bigger slut. Besides, I don't know of anyone else who wants to have her ass fucked everyday."

"As long I can still get that, Missy can have anything else," my wife, now moaning as I fucked her ass.

"You bet. Besides, you're not only a slut, but a dirty one at that. I don't think Missy would let me fuck her ass and then directly put my cock in her mouth like you do. But she did do something amazing last night."

"What's that."

"When I was ready to cum, she pulled my hips into her so that she took me completely in her mouth and then held me there while I came down her throat. It felt a lot like I when I cum deep in your pussy, but it was her mouth. It felt absolutely amazing."

Telling my wife about how Missy had swallowed me the night before had us both ready to cum. My wife pulled away, forcing me out of her ass, and rolled over on her back.

"Stick that thing down my throat and let me show you I can do the same thing."

I moved to my wife's mouth and she grabbed my hips and shoved my cock down her throat. Within seconds, I was shooting my load down her throat.

"Is that how she did it," wife said after she has swallowed all of my semen.

"That was much better. I don't think there is a guy alive that would not dream about fucking a chick in the ass and then having her swallow. I'm so lucky I'm married to such a dirty whore like that."

"I'm the lucky one," Sara said. "I get a husband who is an absolute stud in bed, and I get to fuck anything I want to. Any girl who doesn't want that is lying to herself."

After we got up, we continued to clean up the basement. In fact, that is what took up the better part of the next two weeks. Sara and I continued to fuck like animals, in between our basement cleaning duties. About the only major thing we undertook was my wife dyed her hair. She went from a dirty blonde to a dark redhead, which, in my opinion, made her look five years younger. There were no complaints on my part.

"I figured that it's be good if Missy's pussy wasn't the only the new around here," explained Sara to me about her new hair color. "Do you like?"

I did and I showed her by dropping my sweat pants to the ground to show her my hardness.

"Well, well. I didn't know redheads did it for you like that. Let your knew redhead take care of that for you."

When she walked over to me, I ripped off her clothes, bent her over the kitchen table, and fucked her. We continued to fuck for the rest of the afternoon.

The Tuesday before Thanksgiving, Missy moved her stuff in. She and Mark lived downstairs until that Sunday when Mark was to move to New York. I soon realized that Missy rarely wore a lot of clothes around the house, which fit in with Sara and I's clothes policy just fine. 

I also found out how comfortable I had become around naked women. Donna and Tom came over to help them move in along with a couple of Missy and Mark's friends. After we had finished, we all enjoyed some time in the hot tub. Despite the fact it was the first time I had ever been naked in front of the Missy's friends, or seen them naked, I was at complete ease. It was not until one of them, her name was Tanya, and I started to kiss and stimulate each other did I begin to get hard. That night we all enjoyed each other's company two or three times.

The Friday after Thanksgiving, Missy and Sara arranged for a little going away party for Mark, except I was not invited. I was told to find something to do for the day since only girls were invited. I was able to get out of Sara that she, Donna and a few of Missy's girl friends would team up on Mark to wish bon voyage.

I decided to spend the afternoon and evening at a strip club across the river. There was a lot of college football on that afternoon, and one of the clubs had a sports theme with two huge projection TVs, which were situated in among three different stages. I was ready to enjoy football, beer and bare breasts. I had no idea I was about to entertain a fantasy.

I paid my cover charge and found a seat right in the middle of the main room, which meant I could see both big screens as well as three different dancers at the same time. I ordered a beer and got relaxed. I could tell a new set of girls had jus taken the stage because they were still relatively dressed, at least as dressed as strippers were at the beginning of their set. The brunette on the right stage had just removed her top exposing a large set of fake tits and was now beginning to give some attention to one of the guys around her stage.

The girl on the middle stage had long blonde hair. Her dress was still covering her tits, but she had the skirt hiked up over hips and was gyrating her g-string covered pussy in some guy's face. Finally, the girl on the left of the TV had been making some guy on the opposite side of the stage a satisfied customer. She was shoving her breasts in his face and then turned back toward the middle of the stage.

"Holy shit," I thought to myself. "That's fucking Nikki Straussner."

She was a former student of mine about four years ago. I was processing the fact that a former student of mine was on stage stripping and I was staring at her naked breasts, which were a gorgeous natural c-cup and very perky, when she recognized me. She seemed at ease, which was more than I could say about myself at that particular time, and gave me a smile and little wave. I acknowledged her and she went back to the business of satisfying the seven or eight men around her stage.

I could not keep my eyes off her as she stripped off her dress and gave me a little wink as she kicked it off to the back of the stage. Now she was standing on stage wearing only the tiniest of g-strings and her platform heels. She looked incredibly hot.

She continued to work the stage while memories of her in class raced back to my mind. She had been in several classes of mine. If I remembered correctly it had been junior US History and Senior AP Government. She had always been very attractive and usually dressed to flaunt it. She had been a cheerleader and I know that more than once I had fantasized about her in her uniform. However, it had always just been a fantasy about seeing her naked and now she was her barely covered pussy in some guy's right in front of me.

Unfortunately, the club that I was at would not allow the dancers to get completely nude unless you paid for a private dance so my mind raced wondering what her pussy looked like. Before long the third song ended and the announcer began introducing the new girls taking the stage and thanking the one that had just finished. When he got to her stage, I found out her stripper name was Dakota.

When she got off the stage, she made immediate eye contact with me and began to make her way over to my table, but she was stopped by a guy. He obviously wanted a private dance with her so she headed to the back of the club, but before she went, she smiled at me and motioned her head telling me she wanted me to follow her back there to watch.

I grabbed my beer, followed her and found a table near where the private dances were and able to see her sit him down. He paid her and she sat her stuff down on the next table. Immediately she began to rub her almost naked body all over the man. Her hands were all over him as well. Suddenly, she jumped up on the couch where the man was sitting and shoved his face into her barely covered pussy. She turned around and buried his face between her ass cheeks. I could feel my cock begin to stiffen watching this former student sexually work this guy over.

Nikki stood straight up and dropped her g-string to her knees giving the guy a perfect view of her pussy from behind. It also allowed me to see her completely bald pussy. She knew I was watching closely because she smiled at me. She turned around to give the guy a good look from the front as well.

She slowly pulled her g-string back up and stepped down off the couch. She turned away from him and began her lap dance, slowly moving her hips back and forth over his crotch. While she alternated between quick gyrations and slow ones, her eyes met mine again. She smiled again. This time, however, it was a smile that communicated to me that she wanted me to be the one sitting on the couch. As to tease me further, she moved her hands to her tits and squeezed them together for me while she never moved her eyes away from me.

After a short time, she turned around and straddled the man's lap and continued to the lap dance until the end of the song. She stood up and helped him to his feet. I noticed a rather large bulge in his pants. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and he headed back to where he and his buddies were seated. She headed directly to me.

"Holy cow. Hello Mr. Miller," she said. When she got to me she gave a big hug, pushing her bare breasts into me.

"Hi Nikki. I mean Dakota," I replied as our hug ended and my eyes worked my way down and back up her naked body.

"Do you like my name? After all, when I had to pick one, you're the reason I chose Dakota."

"No shit," I replied moving my eyes from her tits to her eyes. "How did I inspire the name Dakota? For that matter, I would have never guessed in a million years that you'd become a stripper."

"Well, its paying for med school. I graduate from SLU this fall and I have already been accepted into their med program. You know I can make like close to two grand working here three nights a week. I normally work Saturday nights, but I switched with another girl who needed this afternoon off. So I'll make less today than normal, but then again I wouldn't have seen you come in.

"As for my name," she continued. It was hard for me to pay attention to what she was saying because she was adjusting her g-string so nonchalantly as we talked. "I remembered how much you said you loved Theodore Roosevelt and how often he went to the Dakotas to get away. After all, you were my favorite teacher so the name Dakota made perfect sense.

"My god this is so freakin' weird. You remember Katie Jensen don't you."

"Of course," I replied. "I think you guys were both in my class at the same time both years. Weren't you guys close friends."

"Yeah. In fact, she's my roommate. Well, anyway, we were talking the other night about you. We decided that you were our favorite teacher, and definitely the hottest. And..now…I'm standing in front you like practically naked."

"Yes you are," I replied smiling back at her smile. "Nothing like how you looked sitting in the front row of AP Government. But I'd be lying if I said I hadn't wondered what those things looked like especially when you had those low cut shirts on."

"Yeah. Me and Katie used to bend over sometimes just to see if we'd catch you looking down our shirts. We never did though."

"Well, I had to keep my job," I said with a smile. "Let's go get a seat."

"First I have to check the schedule to see when I'm going back on stage."

I followed her to the DJ booth where she checked the schedule and saw that she was going back on stage in two rotations. Just as we started to head to a pair of chairs, another guy approached her for a private dance. Of course she readily accepted and smiled back at me as she headed back to the more private area.

As she walked away I stared at her beautiful ass, which was not at all covered by her g-string. It was at that time I noticed she had a butterfly tattoo on the small of her back, which I could not believe I had missed before since I think that tattoos on that spot of the body is so hot.

I headed back to the main area and found my original seat and relaxed. I watched the girls on stage and the football game while I processed the fact that Nikki was a stripper here and I had seen her completely naked.

After about ten minutes had passed, she came by where I was sitting and told me she had to go get ready to get back on stage. 

For the next two hours I watched her dance on stage and head off for private dances with various guys. She seemed very good at her job and seemed to enjoy it just as much.

At about 5:30 she came over to where I was sitting.

"I'm scheduled to end my shift here at six. They have me going back up on stage one last time in about five minutes. I might have another private or two to do, so I'll be heading out of here around quarter after. You wanna meet up after I get off here? That is, unless you can't."

"Sure, I'd love to. I'll tell you later what my wife is up to tonight."

"Great. Well, you probably need to leave now so that they don't think that your following me. They get really crazy about that here. So let's meet in the Central West End. Its where I live. Let's say around 7 at Llewelyn's."

"OK. See ya there."

Before she got up to leave, she slid me a piece of paper with her cell phone number on it. She got up and headed for the employees door and I watched her every movement as she walked away from me. When she got to the door, she turned and smiled at me before heading back to the dressing room.

I finished my beer and headed out the door before she came back out. I headed immediately to Llewelyns Pub. When I got there I found a small booth for two in the back corner, which seemed very private. I told the waitress that I was meeting someone as I ordered a beer. While I waited I called my wife's cell phone to leave her a message that I was going to be out late tonight, but I figured that she wasn't probably going to be home tonight anyway.

About 7:15 Nikki came into the bar and found me in the private corner. She was wearing a SLU sweatshirt and very tight black workout type pants, obviously what she had worn to work.

"Oh my god, I'm starving," was her first words as she sat down.

We ordered sandwiches and beer and began to talk about what she had been up to, besides stripping, since she had graduated high school. I told her what I had been up to and then what my wife and I had been doing for the better part of the last year.

"So, right now she having sex with Mrs. Taylor's husband."

"Nikki, you know you can now say ‘fucking' in front of me," I told her.

"I know, but it just seems weird. I just got used to calling you Jeff back at the club."

We continued to order beers and talk about anything and everything. As the night continued, Nikki went from slightly touching my arm to resting on my thigh. Of course, I had slowly worked my hand from gently brushing against her arm to resting it on her lower thing with my thumb slowly working back and forth over her knee.

It was not long before I noticed it was 10:30 and we had each polished off six or seven beers.

We both agreed that we were drunk. I knew, and she did too, that I was too drunk to drive.

"Let's walk over to my place. I live right around the block."

We got up and left the bar and headed around the corner to her apartment. We continued to flirt pretty heavily as we approached her building. She lived in a high rise apartment. We entered her building and headed for the elevator.

When we got in the elevator, she pressed the 11th floor. When the door closed I decided now was the time to see what the night had in store. I grabbed her arm and pulled her toward me while me other arm moved around her waist and pulled her into me.

"Why, Mr. Miller what are thinking about doing," she asked in a very seductive voice.

"This," I replied moving into her to kiss her. She quickly parted her lips and met my tongue with hers before I could get mine in her mouth. As we began to kiss, I felt her knees buckle a little so I grabbed her and pressed her into me more firmly. We continued our kiss all the way to her floor. 

We got off the elevator and headed to her apartment. We walked a little and stopped to kiss a little. When we got to her door, I lifted her up against it and kissed her with even more passion as I hips grinded against each other's and my hands explored under her sweatshirt, which did not have a bra worn under it.

After a short time, we broke apart and she fumbled for her keys. She unlocked the door and we stumbled into the apartment. She grabbed me by my belt and led my to her room.

We got to her room and began to kiss again. I quickly removed her sweatshirt as we both kicked off our shoes and socks.

"You know, Mr. Miller," she said again referring to me as if I was her teacher. "You've got to see me run around practically naked all night. Now, I'm gonna sit down and watch you undress."

She got on the bed, lying on her stomach and pushed her torso up with her elbows on the bed. I quickly removed my shirt. 

"Wow, very nice," she said with a very analytical tone to her voice. "Obviously you workout. Good pecs, and even a slight hint of a solid six-pack in the abs. Very good. No hair is definitely extra credit. Shave or wax?"

"Hair removal cream," I said feeling more aroused as she was judging my body in the same way I had hers all night.

"Cool. Okay, now the pants, but leave the underwear on."

I unbuckled my belt and unzipped my jeans, letting them fall to the floor. I kicked them away.

"Skimpy bikini underwear. No hair on the legs, and very defined muscles. No trace of hair anyway but that tattoo of Marvin the Martian is really hot. Okay, turn around. Holy cow, a thong. Now that's fucking hot. Definitely extra credit for that one. And still no hair. Turn back around for the finale."

When I turned around I noticed that she was resting on only one elbow. The other hand was obviously fingering her pussy since her tights were now around her thighs.

"Remove the underwear and let me see it."

I removed my underwear and released by almost rock hard cock. I now stood completely naked in front of my former student.

"Very nice. Before tonight, I would've never guessed you kept yourself completely bald, but, my god, that's hot. Size is very nice. About seven inches it looks like, but your not all the way hard yet. Extra thick also. If I had to grade that body on just looks, I'd say a B+ or an A-."

"Is that all," I protested. "Judging by the finger in your pussy right now, I'd say you are turned on by me."
