 It came addressed to me in a plain white envelope with no return address or any other identifying marking. I was about to tear it up and toss it figuring it was either a credit card application or a creditor chasing me, but curiosity overcame me and I opened the envelope. Inside was something that looked like a coupon, it actually said coupon on the card but it didn't say what the coupon was for or where I could redeem it. It was light blue in color with the letters B and J printed in large print in the middle of the card. At the bottom was an expiration date of November 15, 2007.

Aside from the large two letters and the expiration date there was nothing else printed to give me any clue as to what it was for and where I could redeem it. Normally I would have tossed it in the trash, but I figured, "What the hell," and slipped the coupon in my wallet. If I ran across a business that had a similar color paint scheme or used a similar style font I could show them the coupon and see if they recognized it.

Honestly, I had forgotten about it until one afternoon after purchasing some gas I went into the station to pick up something to drink. As I went to pay for the drink I spotted the coupon and showed it to the attendant. He looked at it, gave me a smirk and said, "Yeah, I don't think so."

"Sorry, it's just that it doesn't say where I can use it."

"Well, you ain't getting any BJs here."

Not really paying any real attention to what he had said, I handed him some cash and left with my drink. Still wondering about the coupon, I pulled into a nearby shopping center where I had spotted a coffee shop with a light blue canopy in the front. I went into the store, walked up to the counter and asked, "Do you honor this coupon?"

I was about to explain that I had no idea where the coupon actually went when the cashier leaned out and slapped me. Her action immediately drew the attention of someone who appeared to be the manager who rushed over.

"I'm sorry sir..." he then paused as the cashier pointed to the coupon. He then continued, "Sir I'm afraid I must ask you to leave this establishment."

"But I just wanted to ask about..."

"Listen, this is a family oriented business," he replied rudely.

"Family oriented? What does that..." I stopped, suddenly realizing what the BJ on the coupon implied. "I'm sorry, I didn't know."

"Just leave," he said pointing to the door.

Embarrassed, I slipped out of the coffee shop and jumped into my car. "Wow," I said to myself, realizing what it seemed like I was asking the gas station attendant. I decided I better be careful about who I show that coupon to.

It was another week before I thought about the coupon again. I was driving past another small shopping center and noticed a shop with a light blue background on their sign and again a similar font on the shop name. It was only when I read the store name that I decided to make a u-turn and pull into the center. I parked the car, got out and then walked into the JB Boutique & Fetish Shop.

Stepping into the shop I found myself surrounded by a dozen or so mannequins wearing some very skimpy outfits, for the male mannequins it was leather attire, the female mannequins were dressed about half in lace, the other half leather. Along one wall was an assortment of vibrators and dildos, another wall was devoted to S&M, with cufflinks, several types of restraints, whips, cat-o-nine tails, even some strange latex gas masks. Inside a glass case were several velvet wands and a few other electrified devices I didn't recognize.

"Can I help you find anything?" the guy behind the counter asked. He had on a leather vest with a tee shirt on under it, but despite a few piercings here and there he seemed somewhat normal. He did seem friendly.

Reaching into my wallet I pulled out my coupon and asked, "Is this coupon for here?"

He smiled and nodded.

"So they printed it wrong, it should say JB, not BJ."

"No, actually it is correct. Excuse me here," he turned his head and called out to the back of the store, "Clara, another coupon here." He then looked back at me and said, "Clara will be out in just a moment, she handles the coupon, unless of course you would prefer someone else." 

"I guess Clara will be fine," I replied, wondering if he was flirting with me.

I wandered toward the back of the shop where they had some fitting rooms, a video and dvd display and a book section. As I perused through the books I noticed a short, young woman come out from a back room. Her hair was a bright pink, spiked out in all directions. She must have had four piercings in each of her ears and then several more in her nose, one on an eyebrow and one on her lip.

She looked at me and said, "You have the coupon?"

I handed it to her and she reached out her hand to me. I took her hand and she led me into the back room and said, "Okay, whenever you're ready."

"Ready for what?"

"The coupon's for a blow job, so here I am."

Her speech was a little slurred so I wasn't sure I heard her right, so I said, "Excuse me?"

"The coupon says BJ, that means blowjob," she said as she kind of cocked her hip and rested a hand on it. 

I paused, completely flustered as she stood in front of me wearing a leather bustier that that tied down the front, exposing a pierced belly button. She wore a short leather skirt with white stockings attaching to a garter belt that hung down below her skirt. After looking her over I reached to my pants, but stopped, noticing her overall attitude. "You'd rather not do this?"

"It's just that you'll be my third in just an hour, my jaw is tired and..."

"Can I use the coupon for something else?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"Well, if you wanted, maybe I... well I would..."

"Just say it hon," she finally interrupted.

"Could I go down on you?"

"Let me get this straight, you give me the coupon and then you go down on me?"

I nodded.

"How about, yes," she replied, reaching up and pulling off her panties.

Looking around, I reached down and grabbed her by the waist, lifting her up onto a nearby counter. As she opened her legs, exposing her pussy with pink pubic hair. I whispered, "Pink, nice."

"You like that, take a peek at this," she said, opening her lips to expose her clit.

"Your clit is pierced too?"

"Yeah, and it is incredible."

I moved in, grabbing her ass and pulling her toward me. Wanting to taste her, I let my tongue work its way between her lips and burrow into her wet pussy. The taste seemed to rush up my tongue and flood my mouth with her tangy flavor. I worked my tongue in and out of her, trying to slurp up as much of her as I could. While I slurped, my hands squeezed her tiny tight ass and I could feel her wiggle a bit. My tongue slowly circled inside her and I would have continued savoring her taste, but I felt her hands come down and gently tug my head upward.

Slowly drawing my tongue up her slit I could feel her sliding toward me, her hips moving, trying to move her clit down to my mouth. When my tongue finally reached her nub, I could hear her gasp and she immediately began moving her hips, trying to grind against me. My eyes were wide open watching her pink pubis and her stomach move up and down as she breathed.

"Oh yes, this is good," she moaned, as her whole body seemed to writhe. It was such a turn on feeling this tiny woman grind her pussy on my face that my cock was hard. Ignoring my own needs I let my tongue move over her clit, bouncing it off the stud that went through it. 

My jaw was beginning to ache when he reached down, grabbed my head and pushed hard against me. I moved one of my hands from her ass and pushed two fingers into her wet opening as I sucked her clit into my mouth. She groaned loudly and came, her pussy pulsing over my fingers, squeezing them and then releasing, again and again. I rested my head on her thigh while leaving my fingers inside her until I felt her orgasm slowly subside.

Once she had recovered, I gently pulled my fingers out of her pussy, reached up and grabbed her by the waist and eased her back onto the floor. She looked up at my face and said, "That was the most enjoyable coupon redemption I've had."

"I enjoyed it too, thank you," I said, turning to leave.

"Wait a minute there, you can't walk out of here like that," she said, nodding at the bulge in my pants. "First of all, Scott at the register will know you didn't get a BJ and second of all, if he sees a bulge like that he will be no good for the rest of the day."

"What do I do?" I asked.

"Wait here," she said heading out toward the front of the store.

I walked over to where she had tossed her panties. Picking them up, I let the silken fabric roll through my fingers as I wondered what was about to happen next.