 I was holding Clara's panties as she walked back in. "Oh sorry, I think these are yours," I said.

"Keep them, I have plenty of others," she said smiling. "You know, I'm about to make an interesting proposition and I don't even know your name."

"I'm Ted, Ted..."

"Ah, ah, first name only, okay?"

I nodded.

"I'm Clara."

Putting her panties in my pocket, I reached my hand out and said, "I am pleased to meet you Clara."

Grasping my hand and shaking it, "Pleased to meet you Ted. It is so nice to learn a guy's name after you've come all over his face, don't you think."

"Yes, kind of like learning a woman's name after you've gone down on her."

"All in good time, all in good time," Clara replied, "Look, I want to show you something, it's kind of our dungeon. Obviously we get a lot of people in here that are very enthusiastic about BDSM, some of these people have a lot of money. Our shop here is affiliated with a contractor that actually builds dungeons in people's houses, and he actually has a small showroom built through that door."

"I don't know about the SM stuff," I replied.

"No, no, but it will give us somewhere where we can do a bit more than just a quick suck and go."

"I'm getting a lot for the coupon."

"Yes, but I think what you did to me has a lot to do with it," she said, smiling slyly. "Come on, follow me."

I followed her through the door into a dimly lit room. As my eyes adjusted I saw a padded table with some straps on it, the walls and ceiling looked like rock, like I was in a cave or something.

"Isn't this great?" Clara asked, "He does the walls with spray foam, same thing with the ceiling. Now there is a lot of other things he can do with supports from the ceiling, or chains on the wall."

"Do you ever use this room for..."

"Like you and I are getting ready to use it?"

"Well that, and for more S&M things?"

"We actually will hold some private parties, have some demonstrations of some of our merchandise. It's kind of small for anything more than just a few people. Our manager is thinking about doing something bigger, so we can have large parties."

The entire time I had been talking to her, I had my hand in my pocket running my fingers over her panties, so my erection had not subsided. Just the thought of her in that tiny skirt without panties kept me ready to go.

Clara immediately started getting undressed, so I did the same while keeping my eyes glued on her. By the time I had unbuttoned my shirt she had her top off. Her breasts were small, but her nipples were large and each had a stud pierced through it. She pulled off her skirt, but left on the garter belt and stockings. I finally got my pants and underwear pulled off and move toward her, reaching out and touching her breasts, running my fingers over the nipples and toying gently with the studs.

"Does it hurt?"

"It did when I had it done, but now, the studs make them more sensitive, especially when it gets cold," she replied, before taking my hand and leading me over to the table. "Go ahead and climb on, I'll be on top."

Climbing onto the table, I got on my back and helped her as she climbed over me, straddling my head with her knees. She then lowered her pussy down to my face while leaning forward and taking my cock in her mouth. I quickly pushed my tongue into her pussy tasting her once again while I felt her tongue sliding up and down my cock. She must have had her tongue pierced too because I felt something hard teasing my cock as the licked it.

Moving my tongue forward, I began toying with her clit just as her mouth closed over the head of my cock. She began sucking hard, sliding down over my cock as she did, sending a tingling all through my body. I reached up and grabbed her ass, and began flicking my tongue wildly over her clit.

I could feel myself getting close to coming when she suddenly moved her head away and pulled her pussy away from my mouth. She turned around, straddling my hips and reached down and grabbed my cock. I watched as she lowered herself onto me, my cock disappearing behind that bright pink pubic hair, between her curving lips and into her wet opening. Concentrating on the sensation I could feel the wet, warmth descend over the head of my cock and then slowly down the shaft until I felt the weight of her body on me. Looking down I could see my red hair matted together with her bright pink, and then as she rose up, slowly my cock emerged from between her lips, the shaft glistening in the dim light, the blue vein pulsing. She slid up until the head almost emerged and then she slid down again, the wet pleasure flowing over and through me.

As she continued moving I began raising my hips up to meet her and our pace quickened. The slow pleasure gave way to a more urgent need. Our bodies drew apart and then slapped together, as with each thrust I tried to go deeper and deeper into her body. Her face was drawn taut, she ground her teeth and then moaned loudly. Knowing she was coming, I let myself go, letting the intensity of sensation overtake me as I arched my back and came, spurting my cum deep into her pulsing cunt walls.

I lifted her up in the air with my final thrust and we collapsed together, her breasts flattening on my chest, the studs in her nipples digging into my flesh. She remained on top of my as my cock slowly shrank, finally slipping wetly out of her pussy. When we finally caught our breath she looked up at me and asked, "You haven't saved any more of those coupons have you?"

"No, just that one," I replied.

"Remind me to get you another before you leave," she whispered, resting her head on my chest.

"You work every Saturday?"

"Ten am until six pm, every Saturday."

A bit later we got up and got dressed. As I was buttoning up my shirt she hurried out of the door and returned with another coupon saying, "Not that you really need it, but it will be a reminder for you."

"I'll have to check my schedule at home."

"You married?"

I nodded.

"Hey, next time bring your wife along, she can join us if she likes or..."

"Scott?"

"No, not Scott, he'll be all over you and I don't feel like sharing, but we could bring in Dave."

"Dave?"

"Yeah, he works part-time, but the ladies sure take to him."

"Well I'll see you later," I said, heading out into the shop.

"Don't forget your coupon," she reminded me.

"No, that's a coupon I will never forget."