 The drone of the engines was almost hypnotizing. The itinerary said it would be around twelve hours before I arrived in Germany. In all the years I've traveled, this was the first time I had flown in anything but economy. The benefits of first class were obvious, especially the extra leg room. Except for the occasional bump in turbulence, the overstuffed, comfy chair gave me the feel of sitting in my recliner at home.

The stewardess politely asked, "Would you like a refill of your wine, Mrs. Sheffield?" That was another perk, to be called by name.

"Yes, thank you, Lynn," I replied, looking at her name tag. I flashed her an appreciative smile.

Neither movie choice seemed interesting. If Kevin was here, he'd be snoring already. Not me, I always have trouble sleeping on a flight. I cursed the fact I didn't bring a book to read, so I slipped off my heels, tipped back, and stretched out my legs. I looked out the window briefly as the puffy white clouds went by with an occasional glimpse of earth.

The magazines provided were mostly technical stuff about the aircraft and a pamphlet about what to do in case of an emergency landing in water. I figured if it ever got to that point, I'd have already died of fear alone. Without anything constructive to do, my thoughts drifted back to the chain of bizarre events that led me to be on this trip.

I remembered this all started when I informed my husband that I planned to seek part-time employment because the kids were in school and I wanted to feel productive. This did not sit well with Kevin. He told me we didn't need the money since he was promoted to Junior Partner. Then he commenced to give me a rehearsed lecture about how it is frowned on by the corporation for executives' wives to seek outside employment.

He reminded me that we were financially secure, and told me that if I needed more money he could increase my allowance. My allowance? I was furious, and that led to a very rare fight in the Sheffield home. I don't get angry often, but when I do, Kevin knows not to fan the flames. 

At thirty-three, the whole concept that I was receiving an allowance was not acceptable to me in any fashion. That's like saying the money he earned belongs to him alone and not to us. It was a mutual decision that I stay home and raise our children. For Christ's sake, I was educated at one of the most prestigious colleges in the country. His one statement revealed his lack of respect for what I do. After all, he's the one that wanted to have children right away.

Kevin had realized what he said too late and tried in vain to explain that it was not him, just company policy. I made him sleep in the guest room after our fight. Actually, that made little difference as he hadn't touched me in weeks anyway.

I remember thinking Kevin might be having an affair, but I found my rival to be a much more formidable adversary than another woman. His affair was with Peterson & Associates. They owned him, body, mind, and soul. His lust was not for the carnal desires of the flesh but for something much more consuming. What he wanted most in life was power, wealth, and influence. Everything else was a distraction from that goal.

This revelation only steeled my resolve to find outside work, and I began the task of sending out my resume to every potential employer I could think of. Weeks passed and all I received were rejection replies, saying, "Thank you for your interest. We are not hiring at the present time but we will keep your information on file."

I had given up all hope in finding employment when one morning Karen Bloomberg called and asked me to lunch for no apparent reason. She was one of the senior partner's wives.

Karen was a tall, sophisticated woman with an aura of confidence about her, and she was always dressed in the latest designs. Karen was the kind of woman that commanded attention, so saying no to her was not an option. I agreed to her offer, and the next day we met at this little uptown bistro. I wasn't quite sure why she asked me, but I had my suspicions.

I picked one of the most trendy outfits I owned, because I knew she would. I arrived fashionably five minutes late, and just as I figured, she was dressed to kill. We exchanged pleasantries, chatting about our children and such. During lunch, I took the opportunity to share my situation about my quest for employment and what Kevin told me.

Karen bluntly told me Kevin was correct. The company made all the partners sign no-compete agreements that included spousal employment. She went on to say many other partners' wives experienced the same frustrating rejections I received when they applied for work. It was now apparent the tentacles of the corporation were further reaching than I had ever considered. They blocked all attempts at outside employment.

Karen was sympathetic to my plight but I felt angry, invaded, and powerless. How could the corporation exercise that level of control over my personal life? I didn't choose to be a 'Stepford Wife' as my field of endeavor.

My frustration became obvious but Karen offered me a solution. She explained that she started her own business with a few other partners' wives as employees.

My curiosity was piqued, and I asked, "What kind of business is this?"

She explained, "My business is one that benefits the corporation, but for legal reasons must remain a completely separate enterprise. Plus, it escapes the employment mandate all the partners signed."

"Tell me more," I replied.

She explained, "The competition for new clients is fierce in this city. My business enhances the corporation's chances of signing those undecided new accounts."

"How so?" I asked.

She explained, "The function of my business is simply to provide the prospective clients with a guide of sorts while they are in town. Most are men traveling alone, who would appreciate some companionship during their stay. The fact that those companions are partners' wives shows how serious the corporation is in servicing their needs."

Karen added, "This idea was born five years ago when my husband was struggling to sign new prospects. Mark was dead set against this but I can be very convincing. He reluctantly agreed. To make this short, six months later he rocketed to top salesman and was eventually promoted to senior partner."

I must have looked shocked when I told her, "This sounds like you're a corporate escort or call girl. I will not be a hooker or do anything illegal."

Karen quickly responded, saying, "I prefer the term 'courtesan' and there are clear boundaries for wives and clients that cannot be crossed. You will not be asked to do anything you are not comfortable with."

"Just what are those boundaries?"

"First, there is no money exchanged, you are on salary. The rest of the boundaries are up to you and your client. We are all consenting adults. I can pretty much guarantee that you'll have the time of your life." 

I raised an eyebrow and said, "What exactly is expected of me? This is crazy. Kevin would never permit me to do such a thing."

"Excuse me," Lynn said, as she gently touched my shoulder, jolting me back to reality. "I didn't mean to disturb you, Mrs. Sheffield. We are having filet of beef tonight. How would you like your steak cooked?"

"I don't eat meat. A salad will be fine with me."

"And to drink?"

"Just keep my wine glass full," I answered, holding up my half-empty, plastic, long stemmed wine glass.

After I ate my dinner, which was a bit better than regular airline fare, I reclined back and quickly resumed my thoughts of how convincing Karen was.

She pointed out her new Jag she bought with her own money. She suggested I give it a try and if I didn't like it, I could just walk away. Against my better judgement, I gave Kevin a call and explained to him the proposal. I was flabbergasted when he told me he thought this was a good idea and it might help increase his sales. He didn't seem concerned at all that his wife would essentially be dating other men.

After I finished my call, Karen grinned and pushed the application toward me—an application she just happened to have with her. I stared at her, and stared at the papers. Then I picked up the pen and filled it out. After gathering up her things, she said she'd contact me, then added I was going to have fun—a lot of fun.

I was shocked that Kevin did not try to talk me out of it, but gave his full endorsement. Several days passed and I heard nothing. I started to think this a sham to trick me into not applying for work elsewhere. Then, Karen called and informed me she had my first client and Kevin would inform me of the details.

When I got home from shopping the next day, I noticed a Mercedes parked in our driveway. When I entered the house carrying groceries, Kevin Introduced me to one of the most drop-dead gorgeous men I ever laid my eyes on and explained his name was Kurt Krause. Kevin said he was from Germany and was a prospective client. Kurt immediately came over and took my bag and carried it into the kitchen. It's been a very long time since Kevin would even consider such a gentlemanly thing. 

All I can really remember was how embarrassed I was wearing my bum-around shorts and old t-shirt. My hair was an absolute disaster. After I excused myself, I rushed into the bedroom to change into my cutest sun dress. I quickly hot-curled my hair and put on some makeup. When I came back to them, it was to a chorus of compliments. My ever-glib husband wolf-whistled me, causing me to blush. He can be such an ass sometimes.

Kevin informed me that Kurt was a manufacturer from Germany, and he was thinking about opening a branch in the states. He was considering having us do his advertising. Kurt would be here two more days to get a feel of the San Diego area and Kevin asked if I would be his tour guide. I looked at Kurt. He was smiling and looking at me with those piercing, steel blue eyes. I stammered out something, agreeing to do it. 

Kurt spoke perfect English, which was a blessing to me because I don't speak a lick of German. I complimented his English and he explained he got his MBA at Stanford. I did notice he couldn't keep his eyes off me. It was decided we would go to the zoo. I mentioned that I was surprised he'd pick such a tourist trap as the zoo since he was dressed in a tailored business suit. Kevin suggested he loan him some of his clothes, which Kurt graciously accepted.

What happened next started a chain of events that no one could possibly have foreseen. We were walking around the zoo and the crowds were thick. I ran into the back of someone because I was not watching where I was going. Kurt took my hand and steered us through the mass of humanity. His hand was large and strong, but smooth and manicured. He continued to hold my hand after we were clear. He sensed my nervousness and chuckled that holding hands was a European thing. I didn't know if that was true, but it was convincing.

We walked and talked, getting to know each other. I remember how this was feeling more and more like a date. Kurt said something about almost every exhibit we came to, showing me his knowledge of the animal kingdom. When we came upon the elephants, I got excited like I was ten years old again. I ran toward the elephants, ignoring the warning signs about getting too close. One big bull at the water trough rose on his hide legs, like in the circus. I was delighted. Then... he aimed his truck directly at me and sprayed, soaking me completely from head to toe.

I was mortified, and looked like a drowned cat. After the laughter died down, I stood there close to being in tears. Kurt put his arm around me and assured everything would be alright. He suggested we go to his hotel close by and explained that he would have my clothes express cleaned while I showered or bathed. I agreed because I didn't want to go home looking like a fool on my first assignment. We left the park, but not until Kurt stopped and bought a souvenir towel for me to dry my face.

I didn't realize it at the time, but with my sheer bra and lightweight cotton dress soaked, I looked like a girl in a wet t-shirt contest. It wasn't until the drive back I noticed my dress clung to me like a second skin and my nipples were poking out of the wet material like pebbles.

He was aware of my embarrassment and said lightheartedly that it was a good look on me. Since I met Kurt, the sexual tension between us was undeniable. He wasn't just gorgeous to look at, but was very smooth in his gentlemanly mannerisms. The way he'd touch my elbow and softly run his fingertips down my arm when we talked caused me goosebumps. It wasn't overt, but it was clear what was on his mind. I tried my hardest to maintain control.

This was the very thing I worried about when Karen proposed I do this job. The thought of what she said about consenting adults kept running through my mind. I'm a married woman. I chastised myself for letting myself be so attracted to him.

We entered his penthouse suite. It was huge, as large as an apartment. Kurt pointed out the restroom and bath. Yesterday, I would never have dreamt of being in a strange man's bedroom, and certainly, not with a hunk like him.

I went into his bath and stripped completely. After putting on the terry cloth robe, I brought out all my clothing, including bra and panties. Kurt said to take my time and soak while express cleaning would process my clothes. So, there I was, naked in a strange man's hotel room with my husband's approval. I was soaking in the tub and contemplating what would happen next when Kurt tapped on the door saying he was leaving and would be back in less than an hour.

After I cleaned up, I wrapped myself in a towel and entered the bedroom with the intention of peeking at his things. I knew it was wrong, but my curiosity was more than I could take. First, I looked at his passport. He was single, thirty-six years old, seventy-four inches in height, and weighed 205 pounds. Looking through his luggage, I discovered impeccable clothing. He had custom made suits, silk shirts, and expensive watches. What stood out to me the most was that he had two ribbons of XL Magnum condoms... Then, I heard the keycard in the door and I hurried to close up his luggage. I rushed back into the bath. I looked back and was mortified to see one of the condoms hanging out the edge of his suitcase.

I found out that Kurt had gone to the hotel boutique for an hour. He bought me a formal gown and accessories that included undergarments, nylons, and heels. I was a bit shocked and asked why. He didn't ask my permission but said he was taking me to dinner and dancing. I panicked and replied I had to call Kevin. Kurt said he already did and I have permission to stay out late if I like... even all night. He grinned.

I was hesitant to go, but he convinced me to try on the dress. I don't think I had ever worn a dress a man purchased for me before. Looking in the mirror, the choice was flattering to my figure and the fabric felt exquisite on my skin. I fixed the last of my makeup and when I left the bathroom, he motioned for me to spin.

"You look amazing. Shall we go?" I took his arm and we left the hotel room.

This now really was a date, and I felt a bit naughty. Kurt was utterly charming. He drove us to a swank restaurant and bar. I felt like Cinderella on the arm of Prince Charming. There was a private table reserved just for us. We talked and laughed like we had known each other for years. I was totally caught in the moment and melting to his charm. The gown he bought me had a slit up the side to my upper thigh and the top was cut to show side boob. I hadn't felt this sexy in a very long time. I knew he was seducing me, but I gave little resistance. It was a very long time since anyone romanced me like this.

Suddenly, I felt his hand on my thigh. I froze, and let out a slight gasp. He smiled and proceeded to slip his fingers under the hem and was close to touching the edge of my thong. I put my hand on his and pulled it away, saying I'm married, what would my husband say? I'll never forget his reply. 

Kurt asked, "Do you really want to know?" He pulled out his phone and laid it on the table. 

I stared at him and pushed the phone away, saying, "No, I don't want to know."

The evening continued. We had drinks and dinner, drinks and conversation, drinks and dancing. Needless to say, I wasn't feeling any pain. Of course, he was an incredible dancer. When I complimented him on his dance skills, he said to blame his mother. Kurt explained that he wanted to play football but his mom made him take dance lessons. I joked and said his mom was a wise woman, and added that over the years, he's probably scored more through dancing than he ever would have playing football. He laughed and agreed. 

Kurt grinned and asked, "How am I doing?" 

I lightly punched his shoulder, saying, "You're impossible."

The night went on and I lost all track of time. I was intoxicated by both the wine and the man. My mind was fuzzy about what happened next. I vaguely remember going back to his room and him kissing me, or... me kissing him? I wasn't sure. I do recall me pulling his shirt open and staring at his rippling abs. The next thing I remembered was waking up in his bed, naked under a sheet.

Kurt and his luggage were gone. There was a large Manila business envelope on the table with a note explaining he had to catch an early flight. He instructed me to give the signed contract to Kevin. He went on to explain I passed out and he put me to bed. At the bottom of the note, it said, PS. Nothing happened! He added a little sad face emoji.

When I returned home in a cab at 11am, Kevin did not even ask why I was out all night. He was focused only on the contract. I waited for him to say something, but it was like I was invisible to him. Frustrated and disappointed, I went in the bedroom to change. A couple minutes later, he came storming in waving the contract at me. He said there was a stipulation in the contract. He asked if I knew about it. I assured him I had no clue to what he was talking about.

Kevin tossed the contract on the bed and I saw an addendum that was hand written. It basically stated their contract was only valid if I agreed to being his personal secretary for two weeks in Germany. There was a first-class plane ticket included.

I was still shocked that my husband would want me to go on this trip knowing the possible implications. I recalled the morning I came back after spending the night with Kurt. Kevin didn't care enough to even ask what happened. It showed me how committed he was to the corporation and it was apparent he was willing to risk everything and anything to make full partner, including me.

I didn't tell him that nothing happened except a kiss and a few caresses, because he didn't even bother to ask. I didn't know if I was to be angry or grateful because this was revealing where I stood in our marriage. His actions showed me that from now on, I'm my own person, free to make my own choices... regardless of my marital status.

I recalled later that night, Kevin was unusually frisky and made love to me twice. I don't think he was that amorous on our honeymoon.

I asked, "What has gotten into you?"

He lifted his head from between my legs and replied, "What do you mean?"

"Well, you haven't touched me in weeks and suddenly you're Don Juan in overdrive."

"I don't really know. I just found you to be extremely sexy, in ways I haven't noticed for a long time. Do you know how beautiful you are?"

"Yeah, I've been told that recently by someone. Let me ask you something?"

"Sure, fire away."

"Does the fact I spent the night with your client have any bearing in your resurgence of these sexual aerobics?"

"Don't be ridiculous. Of course not. I just find you irresistible."
