 NOTE: Thank you for all the positive feedback from my first story – I hope this one doesn't suffer in comparison. To answer a common question – yes, my stories are true. My writings are not an offering with hopes that others will live vicariously through my sexual encounters, but rather a sincere 'thank you' to the women who have made my life so wonderful.

* * * * *

I had been bartending straight for about 2 years with just the occasional day off. I worked weekdays, weekends, through the Super Bowl and World Series, Christmas Eve, and, the worst, New Years Eve. Between all these shifts I was attending classes at Georgia Tech and studying for exams. I needed a break for myself – badly.

Courtney and I had been dating for just a few weeks, but my rigid schedule had intruded on our relationship. We hadn't shared a complete, mind-shattering evening since the massage session…and we were due.

From the computer room on campus I surfed the Internet for a romantic getaway. My birthday was just a few weeks away and decided that would be an opportune time to pack up the Jeep, head into the North Georgia Mountains, and forget about life for a while. I prefer camping during my great outdoor adventures, but I wasn't willing to risk a wash-out should Mother Nature decide to bless the Southeast with a torrential downpour. So, I found a fully stocked, secluded cabin about 30-minutes outside Uniquoi State Park and made the reservations.

In an effort to surprise Courtney with our little get-away, I mustered my creative energy and designed a personalized invitation for her. The front of the card had a panoramic view of the mountains and a caption reading "Cabin Fever…Catch It!" The inside was laid out like a birthday party invitation with the 'who, what, where and when.' Pleased with my clever creation, I stuffed it in an envelope and mailed it to her.

I was with her at her apartment when she got it in the mail. When she pulled the card out she screamed in delight. "We're going to the mountains for your birthday?"

"Ya, I figured we needed some time to ourselves," I said in my coolest, most casual tone of voice, as if it were no big deal.

She jumped into my lap, hugging my neck and laying a big wet one right on my lips. She was obviously pleased with the vacation plans.

* * * * *

I never slept so well as I did the night before the trip. I figure just knowing I had four worry-free days ahead of me helped me relax. Not to mention, of course, the wonderful evening before consisting of alcohol, a little marijuana, and some sweet lovemaking. I awoke under my own free will – the best way to wake up – and found Courtney's tiny frame still spooned against me. I lay there for a while admiring her delicate features – her downy dirty-blonde eyebrows, her dainty little nose, her sensuous lips, and skin softer than a baby's bottom. Apparently sometime in the night she had slipped from the covers and donned one of my t-shirts and her panties, which made me ponder the mysterious ways of young women like her…wild, carefree and uninhibited during our late-evening romps, yet so modest and shy anytime else. It made her ever more precious, and I squeezed her gently, causing her to stir.

"Wake up sleepy-head," I roared in an energetic manner as if I had been awake for hours already. "Time to get out of bed and head to the mountains – it's my birthday!"

"You better save some of that energy," she managed to whisper as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "I have a surprise for you later and you're gonna need all the energy you can get."

My dirty mind raced and my manhood twitched against her ass.

"What makes you think it has anything to do with that," she murmured as she rolled away from me in a meager attempt to get a few more minutes of sleep.

* * * * *

The mountains were a sight to behold, rising proudly from the flat farmlands two hours north of the Atlanta suburbs. Their dominant allure gave them a personality all their own – different from the snow-covered peaks in Colorado or the steep terrains in Vancouver. Predominantly covered with trees, the exquisite waterfalls and bubbling creeks were its secret. Some accessible by paths, yet many only revealed to the daring souls who venture aimlessly into the forest. The serenity easily washes away your worst worries. And in the fall, when the canopy glows in its brilliant shades of gold and red, the view can suck the breath right out of even the hardiest man.

My heart raced with excitement as I pulled the Jeep into Helen, the tiny Swiss Alp themed village set near the base of the mountains. I found the tiny office renting us the cabin, got the key, and headed into paradise.

The long gravel road wound its way upwards, through the stately pines and oaks, across a tiny stream, and then upward again. I turned off the stereo and took a deep breath of the fresh air, reveling in the solitude. No honking…no sirens…no phones ringing…just the sound of the tiny pebbles crunching beneath my tires. I turned to Courtney who, too, was in absolute awe of the beauty that surrounded us. "As my grandmother used to say, 'it don't get much gooder than this!'"

We finally reached the end of the gravel drive and found a quaint little log cabin off to the right nestled amongst a spread of towering pines. As we inspected our home-away-from-home we were greeted by a huge stone fireplace in the living room, a king-sized bed draped in a pink, white and green quilt in the bedroom, a full-sized tub with jets in the bathroom, and a wrap-around porch with a charcoal grill and a nice big hot tub looking out over the mountains. If I had the money I would live in a place like this the rest of my life.

We unpacked the Jeep, got all situated inside, and settled on the back deck with a couple of ice-cold beers. We didn't talk much, but rather took in the magnificent view as our bodies relaxed into our new surroundings.

It hadn't been an hour since our arrival when the silence was interrupted by the sound of a vehicle coming up the gravel drive. I knew the closest cabin was about halfway down the mountain and immediately thought the worst – the owners had accidentally rented the cabin to another group and a stressful situation was at hand. I could feel my blood pressure rise as I stormed towards the front door, cussing under my breath as I went. Courtney followed close behind.

We stood in the doorway as the car pulled up next to my jeep. My mind raced, planning my strategy for attacking the situation, but skipped a step when the door opened and a youthful lass stepped out. My eyes devoured her as she walked towards us – a bright pink halter-top stretched tightly against her massive breasts…almost too big for her tiny frame…her nipples straining against the thin material. The short top revealed a wonderfully flat stomach, and her long slender legs wrapped tightly in faded jeans. I gawked at the sight of her huge tits swaying freely beneath her top as she bounded down the steps towards the cabin.

"I think I'm lost," she giggled as she approached the front porch. "I'm looking for the Whipoorwill cabin."

Trying not to stare at her lovely assets, I finally spoke. "We don't have a clue where that is. All we know is that this is the last cabin on this gravel road, and the closest one is about a mile back down the mountain."

"Shit," she replied. She glanced over her shoulder towards her car…I stole another peak at the robust curves of her breasts…then back at us. "Well," she shrugged, "I guess I better head back down and see if I can find the place."

I almost wet myself when, before she could turn and step from the porch, Courtney threw out an offer. "It's starting to get dark. Driving down that road in pitch-black will be extremely dangerous. Why don't you just stay here tonight and find your way back in the morning."

"Well," our visitor thought out loud, "it was a pretty steep drive and I would hate to wreck half way down." She glanced at me but spoke to Courtney, "If it's OK with your husband here."

"First off, " Courtney said, "he's not my husband. And secondly, by the way he's drooling and practically standing on his tongue, I think I can speak for him by saying he doesn't mind at all."

My face must have turned ten shades of red. I was extremely embarrassed for getting caught staring at this beautiful girl standing before us – especially right there in front of my lovely Courtney.

Courtney continued, "C'mon in and I'll get you a cold beer."

I watched in disbelief as our visitor whisped past me, following Courtney towards the kitchen. Her halter-top was held up by just two thin straps - the top tied behind her neck and the bottom tied around the middle of her back. Soft blonde peach-fuzz across the small of her back was accented against her tan skin, and the top of a Rebel Flag tattoo peeked just over the top of her hip-hugging, low-riding jeans. She had to have been around Courtney's age, somewhere around 20 to 22, and her young firm ass packed nicely inside the faded denim.

My Johnson twitched as, like any red-blooded male, my mind began conjuring up a thousand fantasy scenarios. But as I followed the two chatting girls out to the back deck, my realistic side kicked in convincing me things like that only happened in Penthouse Forum, wet dreams, and fraternity brothers' lies. I learned our visitor's name was Susan, and she was from the Atlanta area. She and a bunch of her friends had rented a cabin for the weekend as well, but apparently she had taken a wrong turn somewhere. We sat on the deck, carrying on small talk and watching the sun go down while darkness enveloped our little hide-away.

Several beers, a few shots, and a couple joints later we were all talking like old friends who had known each other for years. It was then Courtney suggested we hit the hot tub. I had been thinking about suggesting it as well, but I figured Courtney might get a little pissed-off with me – accusing me of only wanting to get the new chick wet, or something like that.

"Hell yeah," Susan cheered. "That hot tub has been calling my name all night."

Courtney turned to me. "How about you?"

Trying to mask my extreme jubilation, I managed a casual voice. "Sounds good to me. The only problem is, we didn't bring any bathing suits – we figured we wouldn't need them…remember?" The nasty gears in my head began spinning again.

Courtney thought for a moment, but it was Susan who blurted the obvious solution. "Us girls will wear shirts and our panties, and you just wear your underwear. Everything's covered – just like a swim suit."

Again I was cautious, but Courtney jumped up, "Let's go then!"

I just stood in awe, bug-eyed and open-mouthed like a teenage boy, as I watched these two young maidens peel their jeans over their round little asses, down their legs, and off. Courtney was still wearing her bra, but she pulled that woman's trick where they remove it without taking off their shirt. They grabbed their beers and climbed into the hot tub.

"You coming?" Courtney asked with her devilish grin.

I snapped out of my trance, yanked off my t-shirt, stripped off my jeans, adjusted my boxers and joined them in the warm bubbling water. 

It wasn't long before our beers needed replacing - Courtney offered to make this run to the fridge since she had to pee as well. The door to the cabin had barely slammed shut when my eyes locked onto Susan's. A little devilish smirk, almost identical to the ones Courtney displays so well, crossed her face. Without a word spoken, she rose from her seated position to where she was standing in the middle of the hot tub…the water splashing around her hips. My eyes automatically dropped to the halter-top clinging to her huge breasts. Her large, dark nipples were clearly visible through the sheer, wet material.

"I noticed you've been sneaking peaks at these all night," she said. And with a quick look towards to door to make sure Courtney was out of sight, she grasped the bottom of her halter-top and yanked it out, up and over her colossal orbs.

I had an instant hard-on as I devoured the sight before me – her proud chest a severe contrast to her tiny waist and flat stomach…mammoth breasts jiggling from her sudden movement…skin so smooth…the milky-white tan lines glowing against the dark tanned skin…dark brown, silver dollar areoles smack-dab in the middle of each tit…stiff nipples aching for attention. I followed a drop of water - as if in slow motion - as it cascaded down one breast, stall as it hit the nipple, dangle briefly, then drop into the waters below.

She grabbed her left breast…her hand dwarfed by the healthy globe…gave a good squeeze, then finished with a pinch and a twist of the taut little nub. With a deliberate giggle she lowered her top and sank back into the water and onto her seat.

I just sat there…dumbfounded…in complete awe…hard as a rock and sweating profusely.

I nearly jumped out of my skin when Courtney kicked open the swinging door to the deck and emerged with three fresh beers and a boom-box. "Thought we could use a little music," she said cheerfully as she set the radio on a nearby table.

Within a minute she had tuned in to a station playing 70's and 80's music and joined us once again in the hot tub. We carried on in idle chit-chat as I tried desperately to avoid making eye contact with Susan. But when I did I was met with a quick wink and that devilish grin.

It wasn't long before a Lynnard Skynnard song came on. "Ya-hooooo!" Susan belted in a powerful rebel yell. "I loooove this song. C'mon Courtney – let's dance."

Without any coaxing, Courtney was up and dancing in the middle of the hot tub with Susan…their hips gyrating…arms waving…hair flinging…water splashing against their asses. All I could do was sit back and enjoy the scene. Both girls were feeling pretty good from all the alcohol and occasional joints – with eyes closed and heads back they continuously bumped and brushed against each other. I admired the view of Courtney's petite body and firm young breasts clearly visible through her soaked t-shirt. And when the waves splashed just right, I could see the baby-blue of her lacey French-cut panties stretched tight across her hips. Susan's pendulous breasts swayed in rhythm to the music, stretching the thin material of her top to its limits…as if testing the durability of the straps. And when she turned for the first time I was presented with a wonderful view of her tan, tight ass framed in a sliver of yellow thong. I realized then I was gently caressing myself beneath the cover of bubbling water.

Another up-beat song played while they danced before the station slowed things down and the tunes of Journey filled the night air. Courtney turned to sit down.

"C'mon Courtney," Susan pleaded with a pouty look on her face. "One more dance?"

Courtney looked at me as if asking for permission. "Go ahead," I said.

With that, the two girls embraced. Susan, slightly taller, draped her arms across Courtney's shoulders, and Courtney wrapped her arms around Susan's waist. I thought I would rip right out of my boxers as I watched their breasts mash together. Their bodies swayed in unison to the music as they slowly turned. When Courtney's back was to me, Susan stared at me over Courtney's shoulder and blew me a kiss. The real shocker came, however, when they turned so Susan's back was to me and I could see Courtney – her head nuzzled against Susan's neck…eyes closed…her hands caressing up and down Susan's back…each time sinking lower and lower until they dropped below water level and completely cupped Susan's ass.

Another slow song came on and I noticed the two girls were intently staring at each other as they danced…faces just an inch apart…studying each other. Then, as if both had somehow telepathically agreed, they both leaned forward and kissed. Not a 'good-night-mom' little peck, but rather a deep, sensuous, mouth-open, tongue-dancing kiss. They parted for a second, again staring at each other, then kissed again.

The girls had stopped dancing now – just standing against each other in the middle of the hot-tub…water bubbling against their hips…again staring at each other…still embraced…oblivious to their surroundings…as if unaware of my presence just off to their side. Slowly, but deliberately, Susan lowered her arms from Courtney's shoulders and brought them to water level, grasped the bit of Courtney's t-shirt floating amidst the bubbles, and began lifting it up her body. Courtney responded by lifting her elbows as the material peeled up her arms, over her head and off. Susan tossed the soaked shirt out onto the deck, then draped her arms back over Courtney's shoulders.

It seemed like Courtney hesitated, but then her hands began to move – grabbing the loose ends of the bottom tie of Susan's top and pulling them untied. Still staring straight into Susan's eyes, Courtney grasped the upper tie and did the same thing. She leaned back to allow room to pull the dangling material from between them and tossed it aside. I watched Courtney's eyes leave Susan's for the first time as she lowered them to see what she had uncovered. Her tiny hand came up to cup the great bottom swell of one of Susan's tits, lifting it slightly, then bending forward to take the nipple in her mouth. Susan's head rolled back as she let out a silent moan – barely audible over the sound of the jets of the hot tub.

Courtney paid special notice to the hard bud…nibbling…sucking…licking…teasing. She then moved to the other giving it the same blissful attention.

Beneath the water, I freed my solid tool through the convenient opening in the front of my boxers and continued soft, yet deliberate, strokes.

Susan then turned and knelt on one of the seats, resting her elbows on the side of the hot tub…her breasts slowly swaying to a stop. Courtney moved up behind her, breasts mashed against Susan's ass, and lay several soft kisses down her spine. Her delicate fingers slid beneath the elastic band of Susan's thong and gradually began to ease it down…over her hips…the thin strip of material peeling from the deep split of her ass…down below the water bubbling around her thighs. Susan leaned to one side then the other, lifting her knees to allow the completion of her undress. Courtney's hands resurfaced once again, tossing the miniscule piece of fabric to the deck.

From the angle I had, I could just barely see a pair of swollen lips peeking from between Susan's upper thighs. But my view was quickly obstructed by Courtney's face. With her hands on Susan's hips, she dove eagerly into the darkened recesses…nose buried between Susan's sweet ass cheeks…mouth wide-open…shrouding Susan's puffy box. Her head twitched and turned…her jaw shifting frantically…I could just imagine what her tongue was doing.

Susan reared her head back with eyes shut tight and arched her back, pushing her ass firmly against Courtney's face. Her breasts again swaying as she rocked to meet Courtney's hungry tongue.

And beneath the water, I continued to stroke.

After several minutes of Courtney's ferocious tongue bath and Susan's numerous moans and squeals, Susan pulled away and turned and sat on the edge of the hot tub. Courtney knelt before her, almost completely submerged in the hot, bubbling water, as Susan parted her legs and hiked one up to rest on Courtney's shoulder. The turquoise light from the hot tub shimmered off Susan's wet skin, and gave me a glorious view of her private cache. Her thin tan line appeared to glow in comparison to her tanned thighs and stomach…a small, neatly trimmed tuft of hair forming a thin, upside-down triangle…her engorged outer lips framing an elaborate maze of pink folds that seemed to open in anticipation.

Without hesitation, Courtney lowered her face between Susan's thighs and continued her oral assault. I watched her tongue flicking and caressing each fold, then darting deep between them, then caressing again. Occasionally she would take a fold tenderly between her teeth and tug gently, resulting in moans of approval from Susan. I watched keenly as Courtney's tongue began its attack on the tiny nub of flesh near the top of Susan's slit…dancing and twirling. Courtney brought one hand below her chin and eased one finger between the moistened folds of Susan's pussy…sliding in knuckle deep…then withdrawing…then sliding deep again.
