 Mmm - that precum makes a little wet spot on your pants. Be careful, the office will wonder why you never stand up anymore... Or maybe it's the erection that strains through your pants all afternoon as you think about our lavish sex this morning. The air in your office still has a hint of musk, or maybe that's the aroma from my panties in your drawer. 

Speaking of panties, I'm finding it really hard to focus on my job at my desk and when the breeze from the open window is delicately whispering against my pussy lips. I cross my legs trying to avoid the draft but it just puts pressure on my clit which is still humming from your fingers. I squirm a little, side to side, naughtily enjoying the twinges of arousal as my thighs squeeze my slowly engorging clit.

You see me squirming and page me to come to your office. A heated blush creeps up my face and I smile discreetly to myself. I turn in my chair to face your open door, your desk is very close by and you have straight line of vision to my chair. I uncross my legs slowly and spread them apart, giving you a view of my pantiless pussy. We lock eyes and I bite my lower lip sexily, knowing that drives you wild. You mouth to me to come in.

I rise and make my way into your office, shutting the door as I enter. What can I do for you, do you have a problem I can help fix?

You roll your chair back from your desk and show me what the problem is. I think I can help you with that; I am not a doctor, but I remember some training from my Red Cross classes on what to do for swollen members. 

I walk around your desk bend over you to lower the blinds behind your desk, brushing my straining breasts against your face as I do so. Invitation accepted - you raise your hands under my shirt and splay them against me, running up my flat stomach to knead my soft mounds. The feeling of your hot hands through the thin lace of my bra makes my pussy even wetter and I shudder deliciously. 

I slide down and hungrily kiss your lips as I make my way to my knees in front of you. I examine the bulge your cock is making in your slacks. A wet spot is appearing, better get these off before you stain! You unzip your fly as I undo your belt and move your shorts aside and your cock jumps out again, smearing pre cum along my hand as I keep it from hitting your shirt. I don't have another one to give you!

Looking up at you from my submissive position on the floor I lick my lips and lean forward, blowing my warm breath against your throbbing head. Your cock jumps in approval and I dive in for the kill. My tongue wraps around your shaft as I work my head up and down, fist pumping in rhythm to match. My other hand sneaks between my knees and up my thighs to caress my clit and relieve some of the tension building there. The saliva from my mouth creates a slick coating so my hand slides effortlessly up and down your shaft, and I plunge my head lower, trying to take all of your big cock down my throat. Your head rolls back as you place your hand on my head to guide my rhythm, the other hand reaching down to feel my breast through my thin shirt, plucking at my hard nipple. I moan around your cock and the hand on my pussy increases the tempo, driving me toward an orgasm of my own. 

You watch me fucking your cock with my mouth and it's driving you past the point of distraction. Through the door of your office you can hear all your other employees going on about their boring business, having no idea what a fantastic little cocksucker they're working with. God you're so glad you brought me in for the job, not even knowing how talented I was at anything besides record keeping.

Your hot cock is pulsing now and I can feel your balls swelling, you're going to come again so soon! I glance up at you and you pull me up and off, wanting to hold on. This is too good to rush through.

I stand and grin lasciviously at you as I sit my ass on the edge of your desk, facing you, and slide my skirt up around my waist, exposing my bared pussy for you. I lean back and you again raise my shirt, tucking it into the bra elastic as you push it up and over my tits. I spread my legs and it's all the invitation you need. You rise from the chair and rub your hard dick head in the cream my pussy has created from my arousal and ministrations. Grabbing my hips you pull me forward onto your hard cock and slide in effortlessly. Heaven. The feeling of each inch of you sliding into me gives me chills and I moan my approval.

You start to fuck me, slowly at first, but then building rhythm. Your ass clenches as you thrust into my pussy and your left hand goes to my clit, flicking the bud making me whimper with desire. I'm back on my elbows, legs on your shoulders as you go deep inside me, and I turn my head to again watch us in the sexy closet mirror. My shirt and bra around my shoulders, leaving perky breasts exposed and flush from your attentions, I watch as you rock me with your thrusting. I feel my orgasm sweeping up me as you pound me with your hard cock and shudder as it rips through me. 

The clenching of my pussy and soft moans of pleasure almost send you over the edge and you curse under your breath as you pause to regain control. Slowly I come down off my high and sit up again. As you open your eyes again, I start to use my legs to lever myself off the desk and slowly begin to fuck you back, pulling myself back and forth along your length, balancing on my elbows. 

The sight of my pussy sliding over your cock as you stand there against the desk is amazing, the wetness from my orgasm makes your dick shine in the smattering of light from the window. 

You pick me up and I wrap my legs around your waist, pulling you deep inside me. Pulling me down onto the floor, I rise to sit astride you. Yippee Ki-Yay Cowboy. Placing my hands on your chest I start to rise and fall, faster and faster, ramming your cock into my sopping pussy. Bouncing up and down, clenching my muscles around you, pulling your hands to my swaying tits. You hold on for dear life and the sweat stands out on your forehead as I fuck you within an inch of your life. 

You explode inside me, sending hot cum shooting into me and crying out with the intensity of it. I put my hand over your mouth to stifle you, but there's no way no one heard that. Guess I'll be the topic of conversation at the water tower for a while. Mmmmm, as I look down at you - worth it. Hope there's overtime in store for me.