 **I've had this story posted previously under the user name sweet-escape**

*

Chloe perched on the edge of kitchen bench, her legs crossed at the knees. A silver heel dangled from one set of toes while the other lay on the tiles at her feet. A feeling of contentment washed over her. She tossed her black hair over one shoulder and glanced around the chaotic kitchen - empty glasses everywhere, half-finished plates of food, someone's forgotten jacket draped over a dining chair.

She drew in a breath, her chest lifting beneath her blue party dress. Chloe smiled and sighed. The cleanup would have to wait until tomorrow. Her thirtieth birthday celebrations had completely wrecked her -in a good way of course- but now all she wanted to do was have a wind-down drink and curl up in bed.

Her attention drifted to Jake, her husband Dominic's best friend. "Did you have a good time?" she asked him. Dom had gone out a few minutes ago to drive his parents home, refusing to let them call a taxi after they'd overindulged. He'd left Jake behind to keep Chloe company. Jake was visiting for a week, staying in the guest bedroom as he often did.

"It was a great night." A tie hung unknotted around his neck. He walked toward her, unfastening the top button on his shirt. His dirty blonde hair had that artfully roughed-up look, and a lifelong surfing addiction had given him a well toned body. "You and Dom always did know how to throw a party."

Chloe's brows snapped together as he stopped before her. She watched him closely, surprised by the play of emotions flitting across his face. When his mouth lifted in a half smile, her heart began to speed and she couldn't put her finger on the reason why.

He looked her over, his grey eyes spending far too long on the breasts nestled inside her low-cut dress. Chloe fought the inclination to clamp her hands over her chest. "What's wrong?" she asked. He'd never shown the slightest interest in her body before. He'd had a bit to drink, but not enough to make him act this way.

"Nothing." Jake's gaze returned to hers. He flicked another button open on his shirt. A sprinkling of blonde hairs appeared in the vee of material.

"You're being strange." Chloe shifted and uncrossed her legs, her remaining heel dropping to the tiled floor with a clunk. She'd gone without a bra and panties for the night, wanting to surprise Dominic at the end of the party. That decision left her feeling vulnerable now.

"Sorry, Chloe-bear, don't mean to be." Jake rested a hand either side of her on the bench, his body remaining just far enough away to keep from crowding her. "It's just...after watching you tonight I've finally come to a conclusion." His eyes swept over her, lingering on her mouth. He released a breath of air through his nose and his tongue moistened his lower lip.

"Oh." Chloe fingered her soft waves of hair, trying to calm her nerves. The tone of his voice had deepened. Her nipples hardened in response, pressing against the silky fabric of her dress. Her body's reaction to him confused her. He'd never stirred these feelings inside her before. "And what's that?"

"I want to tell you a secret." His breath whispered over her cheek as he spoke.

"So...tell me." Chloe tried to maintain eye contact with him, but it was impossible. She glanced off to the side. "You've never had any trouble talking to me before."

"It's different this time." His thumbs brushed the sides of her thighs. "The subject's a bit delicate."

She shivered and met his eyes, searching for something to explain his strange mood. For some reason she wanted distance from him - immediate and prolonged distance. "Well, maybe you should think on it a while longer and get back to me."

"See, that's the problem." Jake inhaled and let the air out in a controlled breath. "I've been putting this off for years."

"Years? Sounds serious. Why don't you wait till Dom gets back? You can speak to him if you're uncomfortable talking to me." Chloe silently begged him to choose the former option. She didn't even know why she wanted to put him off. She only knew the air had grown heavy around them and she wanted to disperse it somehow.

"That wouldn't work. I don't think he'd appreciate hearing what I have to say." Jake's gaze lifted to meet hers. "The thing is, Chloe, I want you. Always have."

Chloe swallowed hard. He wasn't smiling, not in the slightest. Was this supposed to be a joke? "What? You tell me just like that? We're friends." Heat crawled up her neck. She couldn't breathe. It was as if the air had been sucked out of the room. Her mind whirled as she wondered what Dom would make of this. Even if she never told him about his best friend's confession, it would change everything - the secrets, the shifts in behaviour and uncomfortable silences - nothing would ever be the same between them again. Anger welled inside her, hot and intense. "You've just ruined our friendship."

"That wasn't my intention. I've been dealing with this a long time. I've tried talking myself out of it." Jake stroked a finger along her jaw line, smiling when she jerked out of reach. "It's been going on for years."

"Not for me, it hasn't. I had no idea you felt this way." Chloe closed her eyes. She pressed her lips together to keep from screaming out her frustration at him. She wanted to go back ten minutes in time and talk Dom out of leaving the house. If his parents had called a taxi instead of letting him drive them home, this would never have happened. Why now? Why do this when it never had a hope of going anywhere? She opened her eyes and shot Jake an accusing look. "You should have kept this to yourself. I'm married to your best friend. I'm happy. Nothing's ever going to happen between you and me."

"I know that. You're a good girl." Jake smoothed the hair from Chloe's forehead, slid his fingers down to trace the shell of her ear. She flinched. "I have no intention of making a move on you. I just want you to know how I feel."

"Why?" Chloe's lower lip began to tremble. She raised her eyes to his. "How could that possibly help?"

"Because when that husband of yours is fucking you senseless, I want you to think of me." Jake leaned in closer, so close their mouths almost pressed together. "It'll be a small consolation knowing that even though Dom's the one moving inside you, I'm the one you'll be thinking of."

"I won't." Chloe tried to keep her voice from wobbling. "Just because you feel this way, doesn't mean I do, too."

"It doesn't really matter." A deep chuckle rumbled in his chest, the sound bringing both fear and pleasure alive inside her. "When Dom kisses your mouth, you'll think of me. When his lips suckle your nipples and your back arches, when you make that sweet keening sound I've heard you make, you'll think of me."

Chloe shook her head, squeezing her eyes closed as a tear leaked free. It embarrassed her knowing Jake had listened to her and Dom late at night, to the sounds they'd both made as they lost themselves in each other. More than that, it hurt knowing he was prepared to throw away all the years they'd had together for something that had no chance of developing.

"I'm not asking for anything. I'm not making demands on you. This won't go any further than what's between us right now." Jake trailed a fingertip across her collarbone and she couldn't help but shiver at the touch. His eyes dropped to her breasts. She knew her nipples strained for release against the fabric. Chloe closed her eyes, ashamed.

He shouldn't be having this effect on her, she thought. They shouldn't be having this conversation. Her eyes drifted open, taking a moment to focus on his features. His expression had hardened with desire, his blue eyes boring into hers. How could she have not known he felt this way about her? How could she have missed the signs? "Jake. Stop."

"I haven't even started." He swept his finger along her shoulder, continuing down the length of her arm. Tingles followed his touch. She shoved his hand away, angry at her reaction. He gave her a patient smile. "Whenever our eyes meet, Chloe, I'll picture your legs wrapped around me, your body moving beneath mine. Whenever I hear your voice, I'll imagine my cock buried deep inside you, my tongue licking your tears while I fuck you so hard you cry."

His words delved deep inside her, to some hidden place never before touched. Her inner thighs heated and tingled, pulsing uncomfortably. She spread her knees to ease the feeling and braced her hands beside her on the bench. "Stop it." She glared at him, her anger simmering just beneath the surface. If she let go it would overwhelm her. " Just stop it . That's enough." Her eyes moved to the kitchen clock. She mentally pleaded for Dom's return, for the torture to end.

"Are you upset because a part of you wants it?"

Heat surged inside her, flushing her cheeks, blocking out all sense of reason. She wanted to hurt him, tear at him like he was tearing at her. Chloe pushed at his shoulders, balled her hands into fists and thumped his chest. "Stop talking. Stop saying those things to me!" She slapped his stomach, grunting and shoving his body with her elbow to get him the hell away from her. Tears threatened to break free any moment. Chloe just wanted him gone so she could let go.

"It's okay." He stood there and took it, stood strong and bore the brunt of her anger. "It's over now. I'm done."

She felt her heart breaking. A sob tore from her throat. "You didn't have to do this. You've ruined everything we ever had!" She quashed the urge to start balling like a baby and reach for him. Chloe knew how his arms would feel around her. She needed that comfort, but instead pushed the back of her hand to her mouth to keep the emotion inside. When she'd regained her composure she dragged her hand away and looked at him with all the hurt in her heart. "I hate you."

"Chloe-bear." He tipped her chin up, his voice soft as his gaze meshed with hers. "I hate you too. I hate that you've had my heart all these years and didn't even know it. I hate that you're not mine. I hate that you chose him. And every time he fucks you till you call out his name, you'll hate me even more because it'll be my name you'll really want to scream."

The front door opened. A jolt went through Chloe's body. She sucked in a quick breath and swept her fingers over her eyes. Her throat ached with pent up emotion. She sniffled and smoothed her hair beneath her palms, keeping her attention on everything but Jake.

"Sorry, sweetness." A look of tenderness passed over his face as he watched her. He used a knuckle to catch a stray tear travelling down her cheek, then wiped a thin trail of mascara from under her eye with his thumb. "I don't like seeing you hurt. I hope you understand. It had to be said." He touched her lips with his fingertips and stepped away.

      --~-~ ::*:: ::*:: ::*:: ::*:: ~-~--

Chloe stretched out on the recliner, eyelids drooping as she fought against sleep. Her hand angled over the edge, a tumbler of vodka clutched in her fingers. The ice had melted long ago; the act of leaning forward to put the glass on the coffee table just seemed like too much effort.

The TV flickered in the edge of her vision; a late-night home shopping channel. Light and shadows from the screen played across the modern living room, bouncing off the dark wood furniture.

Jake had lost the battle to stay awake. He lay sprawled on the couch opposite her, head cradled on one armrest, feet propped on the other. His shirt was unbuttoned almost to his navel, bare chest rising and falling rhythmically. One arm crossed his body while the other dangled over the edge, fingertips hovering over the beige rug.

Chloe watched him in a restful daze, listening to the soft breaths puff from his lips. His features were gentle in sleep, his barely leashed anger gone now. She tried to figure out what had made him confess to her, what he'd hoped to achieve.

They hadn't spoken much since the scene in the kitchen over an hour ago - she just didn't know what to say. His words had reached inside her, tugging at something unexplainable. She'd never thought of him as anything more than a friend in the past. Now she couldn't think of him at all without remembering that look on his face. It pained her to know their relationship had changed. It hurt her in ways she could never have imagined.

She heard a shuffling sound. Her mouth curved in a weary smile as Dom walked into the room. He had a folded blanket tucked under one arm. His dark hair was dishevelled, his tie loosened and shirt sleeves rolled up. Despite the long day he'd had, his eyes remained bright and alert. He hadn't mentioned the tension hanging between her and Jake. Either he'd chosen to ignore it or hadn't picked up on it to begin with.

He spread the blanket over his friend's sleeping form, a casual yet thoughtful gesture that was pure Dom. For some reason the sight inspired sadness inside Chloe. Her eyes welled with tears and she blinked them away. She took a deep breath and focused on staying calm. If he caught her upset now, he'd likely make her explain the reason for it.

Dom turned and wandered over to her chair. "Kitchen's all clean," he said. He smiled and eased the glass from her, setting it on the table.

Chloe reached out for his hand and tugged on his fingertips. She twirled his wedding ring, rubbing the warm circle of gold with her thumb. "Thank you," she said. "You've made this a wonderful night." She searched his features for any indication he might know of her troubles. His face remained peaceful, his soft brown eyes glowing in the lamplight.

He was too good to her - she really didn't deserve him. Never had that been more clear to her than now.

He knelt before her and slid his palms up and down her thighs. Her silk dress bunched between his fingers, riding to the tops of her legs. She sighed and stroked the dark stubble of his cheek. It felt like her perfectly ordered life had frayed at the edges. One tug on a loose strand could have her world unravelling around her. She'd been on a high earlier tonight, surrounded by family and friends. Now...she didn't know what to think anymore.

Dom turned his face into her hand and pressed a kiss against her palm. "You're sad, honey. What's wrong?"

Tears clogged her throat. He understood her so well. Chloe wanted so badly to share her thoughts with him, but she knew lessening her immediate pain would only create worse long-term problems. If there was any chance of salvaging a friendship with Jake, she had to deal with this on her own. "I don't know."

"Want me to make it all better?" Dominic pressed a lingering kiss against her inner thigh.

Despite her sadness, a breath of laughter escaped. Chloe looked down at him and parted her knees slightly. "How do you plan on doing that?"

"Don't worry about a thing. Lie back. Let me take care of you."

Chloe flicked a glance at Jake and combed her hands through Dom's hair. A thrill shot though her. "I appreciate the offer, but we're not alone."

"Don't worry about him." Dominic sent a cursory glance over his shoulder. "He'll sleep through anything." He turned back to her and shoved her knees apart. Chloe gasped. He moved into the space he'd created and slid his hands over her belly. His thumbs swept down to caress her mound. "I can see you're not wearing a bra. Don't tell me you've been parading around all night without panties on too."

Chloe smiled and closed her eyes. "Okay."

Dom chuckled. The husky sound sent shivers rushing over her. He tugged at the thin sash holding her wrap dress together and slid it free. He dropped the material over the side of the chair and looked up at her. "I haven't given you a birthday kiss yet."

Chloe blinked. She could swear her lips still tingled from when he'd ravished her mouth this morning. He'd grabbed her on the fly, pressed her against the wall and gone at her till he'd left her breathless and wanting. She touched her fingers to her lips, remembering. "I'm pretty sure there was an episode in the hallway earlier today."

"Mmm...not up there." His gaze settled on her mouth for a moment before travelling down her body. "Down here." He pulled the two sides of her garment apart, revealing her taut belly and smooth pussy. He groaned at the sight and dipped a thumb between her folds, stroking the delicate skin.

Chloe sighed, her legs separating further at the notion of having his tongue lapping at her. "Let's go to bed."

"Not yet." He left her pussy and smoothed his hands over her ribcage, his fingers spreading to cradle her fabric covered breasts. He rubbed her nipples and sent her a questioning look. "What's holding his together? Tape?"

He'd seen her using the tape before with other revealing dresses. Funny how him remembering such an insignificant detail made her heart warm. She nodded and her eyes drifted closed. Her fingers curled over the armrests and she held on tight. His teeth closed over her nipple, silk and all. He rolled it between his lips, his hand massaging her other breast. Moisture pooled between her legs. Chloe's lips parted to try and convince him to move somewhere private. She needed to feel him moving inside her, the weight of his body pressing against hers.

He ripped the two sides of her dress apart with one sharp tug. Her eyes shot open. "Dom!" Her voice came out in a sharp whisper. "That hurt." She looked down and saw her breasts sway with the force. A tremor of excitement shook her.

"Shh." He pressed his lips to hers briefly. "As gorgeous as you are in this dress, Chloe, it's your tits I want to see when I'm looking up at you over your belly." He trailed gentle kisses over her reddened skin, soothing her, his hands moulding and squeezing her bared breasts.

Chloe watched his mouth and hands work. He suckled hard on her nipple and her irritation evaporated. His eyelashes tickled as he drew her flesh into his mouth. She moaned and her back bowed with the pleasure.

Jake's words came back to her in a rush, his promises sweeping over her like a physical caress. She remembered the look in his eyes while he'd ranted at her in that soft voice. He'd been so sure of himself, so sure her mind would be on him. And he was right. Dom's hands were cupping her breasts, but she couldn't stop herself from wondering how Jake's fingers would feel gliding over her. Would his hands feel soft against her skin? Would he make her shiver and moan the way Dom always did?

Chloe mentally shook herself and tried to focus on Dominic's touch. If she let Jake get the better of her now, there'd be no going back. She had to focus, keep telling herself they were just words.

Dom's warm tongue flickered over her nipple, then he nuzzled the taut peak. He thrust against her once, his pants creating friction between her thighs. Chloe sighed and glanced over the top of his head in a cloud of desire, staring at nothing and everything. She needed to feel normal again, to connect with her husband and forget all that had happened before. She loved him. She needed him. It would be all right.

Her gaze locked onto the figure sprawled on the couch. It felt like her heart stopped beating for just a second before it started up an unsteady rhythm. Jake lay there watching her, an arm draped behind his head. A lock of dark blonde hair hung over his forehead. His expression was lazy and appraising, his features relaxed.

Chloe drew in a sharp breath. Her body stiffened. A torrent of thoughts swirled through her head; the need to cover herself, to stop Dom's busy mouth, to put an end to this. She hated just the thought that Jake had listened to her through the walls separating their bedrooms. Allowing him to intrude on a moment this private pushed the boundaries further than she could handle.

"Honey, relax." Dom's breath expelled hot and moist against her chest. He trailed his fingers down her sides, chuckling when an involuntary shiver rushed over her.
