 My grandparents have a ranch out in Colorado. When I graduated from high school, I went to stay with them for a month. It was supposed to be my little vacation before I started college. It had been years since I'd visited them and I'd forgotten how big the ranch was. My grandfather's pride and joy were his horses. From the time I was little, he'd take me out, sit me on a horse and tell me the lineage of each one. It was natural that I was looking forward to riding. I didn't realize I'd be riding more than just horses.

The first morning I was there, I got up early. Slipping on a pair of faded blue jeans, a black t-shirt and worn cowboy boots, I grabbed my jean jacket and headed towards the barn. It was early, before dawn, and no one was up yet. That's the way I like it. Entering the barn, I heard the whiny and grunts of the horses and smiled. I love that sound. My goal - Sheraton, a beautiful black Palomino. Grabbing a saddle, I slipped into Sheraton's stall. He nudged my hand like an old friend looking for his carrot. As he chewed, I slid the saddle on and then led him out of the barn. 

It felt glorious to ride again. I hadn't been astride a horse in two or three years. As I returned to the barn a few hours later, there was more activity. Everyone was up and had a job to do. As I brushed down Sheraton, I felt a shadow near me. Looking over my shoulder I was staring into the eyes of the ideal image of the American Cowboy. He was tall, probably around 6'3", and had the broadest shoulders I'd ever seen stuck snug in his jean jacket. His dark hair hung just over his right eye. He stood and watched me brush down Sheraton and lead him back into his stall. My cowboy didn't say a word. Later I found out from my grandfather that I had run into Caleb, ranch manager. 

The next couple of days, I followed the same routine. Each morning before dawn, I went riding. And each day, Caleb would be close by watching me when I returned to the barn. To say I was having dreams about Caleb would be an understatement. They weren't just dreams. They were hardcore sexual fantasies. When I started to see him each day, I felt hot all over just remembering what I did to him in my dreams.

On the fifth day, when I went out to the barn, Sheraton was already saddled. Caleb stepped out leading Fortune, a brown Palomino. If I didn't mind, he was going to ride with me this morning. Suddenly, my t-shirt and jacket felt a little too tight as my nipples perked up, pushing against them. My dreams last night hadn't been any different than the ones before and my body was remembering. As I slid into the saddle, I watched Caleb mount Fortune and could see him mounting me in my head. Sheraton and I took off in a gallop. 

We rode for about an hour and ended up near the edge of a drop. We let the horses roam in the grass and Caleb and I walked. Off to the side was a boulder. Sitting up on it, I acted like I was looking at the view. Instead, I was watching Caleb. His back was to me and I couldn't help but stare at how his jeans hugged his ass. Tight and firm. That's what it looked like. In my head, I saw myself laying between his legs, licking his bare ass down to his balls. In my dream, I rolled my tongue around his puckered ass and held his balls in my hand, squeezing, making him moan. My hand moved up to stroke his cock as my tongue pushed against his little asshole. In my dream, he was moaning. I was so caught up in my fantasy, I didn't hear him ask me what I was thinking until he had moved and was standing right in front of me. My face flushed and my eyes focused on his groin in front of me.

His jeans were tight across his groin, hugging it. I could make out the bulge in his jeans. He was hard. Slowly, I looked up to meet his eyes. He asked me how old I was. I told him nineteen. He said good and slid his hand around to cup the back of my neck. When his mouth touched mine it felt like my whole body was being kissed. His lips pushed against mine, his tongue sliding between them to touch my tongue. I moaned into his mouth and his hand tightened around my neck. I've been kissed by a lot of boys and men. Nothing like this. He came up for air, looked into my eyes and then smashed his mouth down on mine again. I reached up, grabbing hold of his jean jacket and pulled him down to me. I was practically laying across the boulder and Caleb was on top of me.

Caleb's lips moved from my mouth to the side of my neck, just below my ear. I moaned and arched. I love that spot. As his tongue did nasty little swirls on my neck, his hand was moving down my hip. He pulled my t-shirt from my jeans and slid his hand up underneath to touch my bare skin. As his mouth came back to mine, his hand was cupping my breast, squeezing gently. I have big breasts but he had bigger hands. I fit into his palm perfectly. 

Pulling away from me, Caleb stood and stared at me. The bulge in his jeans was bigger. He pulled me up to stand in front of him. Slowly, his hands pushed my jean jacket down my arms. Yanking it off, he tossed it to the side. His hands pulled the hem of my t-shirt up and over my head. That got tossed next to my jacket. Caleb's eyes watched my breasts as I reached behind me, unhooking my black lace bra. As I shimmied it down my shoulders, I watched his eyes. Oh yea. I was definitely getting all my fantasies today. Naked from the waist up, I stood and watched him. His eyes kept moving from one nipple to the other, making me feel like he was actually touching me when he wasn't. Reaching up, I cupped a breast in each hand, rubbing my thumbs over my hardened nipples. Pulling my nipple, stretching it. Using both hands, I pushed my aching tits together, leaned my head down and licked the tip of each one. That was all I needed to do.

Caleb reached out, grabbed me to him. Pushing my hands away, his hands took over where mine had left off. I moaned as his fingers massaged my flesh, tugging and pulling. Lowering his head, Caleb took a nipple in his mouth, sucking it. I groaned and nearly fell over. I'd been dreaming about this for days. Dreaming how his mouth would feel. It was warm and wet. His tongue flicked around my nipple before his lips would close tight around it and pull. Over and over again, he'd suck my nipple into his mouth and then pop it free. Caleb moved from one nipple to the other. 

As his mouth took care of my tits, his hands moved down. Cupping me through my tight jeans, his hand pushed up, rubbing against me. I moaned louder, holding onto his shoulders as his mouth bit gently down on my nipple and his hand pressed between my legs. Without missing a beat with his mouth, Caleb unzipped my jeans. When I felt his big hand slide down inside the front of my jeans, I nearly bit my lower lip off. I closed my eyes, waiting for his touch. Just as his fingers found my wet pussy in my jeans, his teeth grazed across my left nipple. I moaned, arching back. His right arm was around me otherwise I'd have fallen.

Slowly, his fingers pushed against my wet lips until the tip of his finger slid inside me. Stroking me slowly, gently, he pushed me just near an orgasm than stopped. Smiling, he stood, leaving me empty. Walking to his horse, he came back with a blanket and laid it across the boulder. Caleb grabbed my jeans and pushed them down, taking my flimsy panties with them. He told me to sit. I did and he pulled my jeans and panties down and off. I laid on the boulder naked except for my cowboy boots. It felt delicious.

Running his hands up my legs, Caleb parted them, opening me wide. My pussy was soaking wet, dripping. Leaning over, Caleb touched his tongue to the very tip of the patch of fur above my lips. I moaned and leaned back as he moved his tongue lower with each flick until he touched my lips. Holding my legs open wide with his hands on my thighs, Caleb used only his tongue on my wet pussy. Using only small, slow licks, Caleb tortured me. He'd bring me close to an orgasm than stop, kissing the insides of my thighs. When I'd settle down, he'd go back to my pussy, licking and sucking. Using only his tongue, Caleb moved the tip down my lips and then up again. His mouth would close around my pussy, sucking it whole before he went back to using only his tongue. As my body neared another orgasm, I reached down, pushing his head further between my legs. I felt him smile against me. His mouth closed around my clit and he sucked. I nearly screamed my orgasm. My body bucked as his mouth ate me roughly. He held my legs wide as my muscles strained. His mouth never stopped eating me as I broke into one orgasm after another. When I was finally done, Caleb kissed my pussy, rubbing his nose over my clit and then stood up. 

I sat up, reaching out for his belt buckle. Unhooking it, all I could think of were my dreams. Was he going to be bigger or smaller than I'd fantasized? Pushing his jeans down, I pulled him out. Definitely bigger than my dreams. Caleb's cock was throbbing, rock solid and probably 10 inches long. And thick. My god, he was thick. Wrapping both hands around him, I leaned over and flicked my tongue over the head of his monster. He moaned and pushed up towards me. I love giving head. I love sucking a cock between my lips. I planned on torturing him the way he had tortured me.

My hands twisted across him in opposite directions as I sucked just the tip of his cock into my mouth. He tasted so good. Pushing my lips down over his head, I sucked more of the shaft. My hands were gripping him, squeezing him. His cock pulsed with each suck. Caleb was moaning, thrusting his cock into my hands and mouth. When I slid my mouth down over his entire cock, stretching my mouth, Caleb moaned out and begged me to suck harder. Up and down I dragged my mouth, twisting my lips around him. As my mouth worked his cock, I moved my hands down to cup his balls. Massaging first one ball then the other, I stroked him, kneaded him. His cock throbbed in my mouth with each squeeze. I tasted drops of precum from the tip of his cock. Not wanting him to blow yet, I wrapped my fingers tightly around the base of his cock and squeezed, holding him. He moaned and grunted, begging me to let him cum. I smiled and shook my head, "Not yet."

When I was sure I had stopped his orgasm, I flicked my tongue over the tip of his cock and down the length of him again. Over and over again, washing him with my tongue. Crawling off the rock, I moved behind him, bending him over. He braced himself on the rock and I went to work licking his ass. At first, he was surprised. As my tongue moved over his ass, he relaxed and began to enjoy it. Reaching down between his legs, I cupped his balls again, stroking him slowly. I moved to rim his ass and stick my tongue just a little inside him. He moaned and pushed back. Crawling down under him, I took his balls in my mouth again. Using one hand, I stroked his cock, wrapping my hand tight around him and pumping him slowly. With my other hand, I grabbed his ass, squeezing and massaging it. Just like my fantasies. 

He was moaning, thrusting into my hand. I couldn't wait much longer for him. I slipped my hand up his cock again, rubbing my fingers over the head and then pushing back down again. My mouth was sucking his balls, rolling them with my tongue. Caleb moaned. Looking up at him, I asked him if he was ready to fuck me yet. Smiling, Caleb grabbed my shoulders, pulling me up. I took that as a yes.

Reaching down, Caleb tore his jeans off. His t-shirt came next. Lifting me up over his shoulder, his hand grabbed my ass, caressing it, as he walked away from the boulder. I tried to look over my shoulder but lost all thought ability when his finger stroked lightly between my ass cheeks. I moaned and wiggled. When he stopped, he slowly lowered me, letting me slide down his body. Turning me around, he leaned me against a tree. As he pushed my legs apart, his hands roughly cupping my pussy as he moved me, he said in my ear, "Now I'm gonna fuck you hard." I moaned and gripped the tree harder. 

Caleb's fingers moved between my legs. The tip of his finger pressed against my clit, making me moan and push back against him. I felt the tip of his cock on my ass and wanted him in me. Wrapping one arm around my waist, Caleb held me as he used his other hand to guide the tip of his massive cock between my pussy lips. I moaned as he spread me, opening my lips. My pussy sucked him in, wrapping itself around his thick cock. Caleb moaned in my ear, telling me how tight my pussy was around his cock, how good it felt sliding inside me. With each thrust, he pushed his cock deeper inside me. Slowly, Caleb drove his thick cock inside me and then pulled slowly back out, until just the tip of his cock was still pressed between my lips. He'd stop, waiting, holding me so I couldn't move back against him, then he'd ram his cock back inside me. I was clutching the tree, begging him to fuck me harder. Each time I begged, Caleb would move slower. 

Caleb's cock throbbed inside me as he fucked me slowly. His free hand reached around me and grabbed my swinging tit. His fingers pulled on my nipple, tugging and twisting. His cock moved inside me, in and out, back and forth. I was moaning, begging. Caleb whispered in my ear how he couldn't wait to fuck me hard. How he wanted to bang my pussy with his cock. I begged him to do it, to fuck me hard and fast. My pussy was pulsing around his dick, pulling it deeper inside me. Caleb stopped, his cock buried deeply in me. His hand reached down under my left thigh. Tilting me slightly, Caleb lifted my leg up, stretching me wider. Holding my leg up, his cock slid at an angle in my pussy, making me feel like he was ten times bigger than he was. I moaned and Caleb began hammering his cock into me.

With each thrust of his cock, burying himself in my tight pussy, he grunted and I moaned. His dick felt so thick, so long and so fucking huge. I was creaming for him to fuck me harder. Caleb rammed his cock harder and harder into my tight hole, his balls slamming against me with each push. His hand was tugging on my tit, pulling it, holding it still as my body bounced back and forth. His cock was amazing. I felt my pussy tightened, my body shivered and I came hard. Moaning, I pushed back against him, clenching my muscles down around his dick. Caleb groaned and rammed harder into me. 

Easing my leg down, Caleb pushed my thighs together and lifted me with his arms. His cock was still buried deep inside my pussy. Turning around, he leaned back against the tree, bracing himself. His arms raised and lowered me on his cock. I'd never been fucked this way and it was incredible. His cock filled me, drilling up inside me. My pussy was one giant orgasm, one spasm after another, as his cock fucked me over and over again. He grunted, slammed his cock deep inside me and then he moaned his own orgasm. Lifting me off, he set me down. I immediately turned and took his spewing cock in my mouth, sucking every last drop. Caleb's hands pushed my head onto his dick as he drilled my throat. I swallowed, drinking down his creamy cum. Licking his cock, I nibbled on the tip before I stood. 

Caleb grabbed me, pulling me to him. His mouth came down on mine, kissing me hard. His tongue slipped between my lips and I moaned. His hands massaged my sensitive tits and his mouth kissed my neck. Letting me go, he went to get the blanket from the boulder. Laying it under the tree, we laid down on it and slept in nothing but our boots. I awoke to a pair of lips lightly kissing my wet pussy... Mmmm, I love cowboys.