 A new clamor interrupted Dr. Casey's own private scream of release; the one that echoed only in her head. Small crowds of drunken chatter floated by the side of the building as rodeo revelers started to head away from the stage for fresh drinks or make their way home for the evening. 

She could feel small whooshes of breath cooling her hot pussy and then Ray's tongue drifted the length of her lower lips and curled over her clit one last time, dragging another sigh from her, even as he kissed his way back up. 

Ray gripped her sides on the way up, his ample forearms squeezing her ribs with her own captured arms, his fingers digging into her biceps. He growled his enjoyment at the salty caramel taste of her skin all the way back up to her nipples, where he concentrated on sucking them both in turn. 

He continued upward, sucking at her neck. Dr. Casey worried briefly about visible marks until his index fingers and thumbs rolled both of her nipples in the same area his mouth had just abandoned. 

She arced toward him just as his lips came down on hers and their kiss met roughly in the middle. She could taste her own satisfaction in his mouth but couldn't muster any shame as her still wet pussy contacted with the substantial bulge in his jeans. 

"Mmmmmmff..." She moaned louder but it remained muffled by his mouth, "Please, I have to have you inside me this time," She begged, " Not like before...when we never..."

"Finished?" He finished. He ground at her pussy with his still-fully-clothed bulge.

"Y-yes, please---finish this," her breath hitched. "Finish it NOW!" Her answering voice was still low but harsher, almost as much of a low growl as his own, "Once and for all."

"Oh, this won't be the last time, honey. I still haven't seen my share of Texas yet. I might need to make a stop in Austin, play a bit on Sixth Street, see what this university of yours has to offer, Dr. Casey." 

Fighting a bit of panic at the thought of the cowboy in her city at her university—maybe touching himself at the back of one of her classes—on her desk—in a darkened bar, well her mind was getting a bit ahead of itself now, she squirmed under his weight, trying to work the rest of the way out of her boots and jeans. Where was that last shred of dignity again? She found that she didn't care so much. The mere thought of his throbbing cock inserted into any number of her holes had taken care of that small concern.

"Wait, let me help," Ray pulled himself up and set to work on removing her boots. He let his fingers tickle her inner calves as he removed boots, stockings, one leg of her jeans, the second leg, and finally her lacy pink boy short panties, all much more slowly than she would have.

Now completely naked excepting the white tank top and sports bra that were still effectively tying her elbows below her tits, she closed her eyes, licked her lips and waited—a little embarrassed that he felt the need to study her body which had aged so much since their last meeting more than a decade before.

She tried to see herself through his eyes. Her body was only slightly rounder, though probably in the right places as she had not yet escaped nineteen into her twenties the last time they were together. Certainly her breasts had filled in, enough so that she kept a close guard on her attire to maintain respect and professionalism both within and outside of academia. Hell, she hadn't acted in even a remotely sexual manner in the last two years since starting her post as an assistant professor. Her career couldn't afford that kind of attention.

Her eyes were still as icy blue-grey as his were warm brown; in this too, they were polar opposites. She opened hers to find him still taking her in, as though he didn't believe she were truly there beneath him. 

Her auburn hair, while normally pin-straight and tied back, now lay in tangles framing her light skin. Only an occasional hike or run and a summer vacation spent largely alone in Big Bend had left her with the slightest tan and a little more of a natural blush to her cheeks than the average female professor.

Finally, when he seemed to have enough of taking her in, Ray lifted her head to his with a hand at the back of her neck. She completed the move to kiss him, the taste of her still faint on his lips and tongue. He lifted the binds of her top and bra to leave her totally unclothed and naked before this world of muted voices and the occasional shuffling or huffs coming from the neighboring stalls.

Something banged heavily into the side of the building and they both started. They could hear the much louder groans of another couple, apparently even more caught up in the heat of the South Texas night and certainly more drunk.

"Do you want this?! Do you want this?! Tell me how much you want this here cock baybey!!" Another man shouted as the thumping continued. Were the walls that thin? 

"UUuunngg, Just fuck me, just fuck me NOW!" came the muffled female voice on the other side of the wall. 

The sounds of another woman reaching climax quickly made Dr. Casey wet again and she muffled her own moan of response by sucking on Ray's tongue as his lips met hers again. His finger once more moved in and out of her pussy but faster now, as if the sounds of the mirror fucking taking place outside had increased his need as well.

"Come on." She pushed him down toward the blanket, which was cushioned enough on the hay to leave him in a slightly inclined position, "I want you inside of me."

She pulled at the buttons and zipper on his jeans, not moving nearly so slow as he had with her clothes. Afterward, she rubbed her hands feverishly back and forth under his black T-shirt. His chest and stomach were still as tight as she remembered. 

As the sounds of the lovemaking on the other side of the wall faded, her need only grew more intense as did the wetness between her legs. She rubbed her wet pussy back and forth over his hard cock; the head of it contacting her clit again and again almost sent her bank over the edge into a second orgasm. She moved faster until his hands gripped her biceps painfully to slow her down.

It was her cowboy's breath coming hard now. He positioned himself right beneath her and she slowly moved backwards until her pussy lips were kissing the head of his cock, trying to suck him inside.

She pushed slowly back, forward a little, back a little more as the head of his penis moved further inside of her. In this, at least, she would not lose control. He growled low again and again, reaching up to cup her breasts and pinch both of her nipples.

Suddenly, he thrust upward and, hugging her tightly, crushed her body down towards his so he could feed on her nipples and neck once more. 

Dr. Casey's pussy was already so wet, that move was all it took for him to drive all the way up inside of her. She cried out, louder than the huffing and movement of the big equine bodies next door, at the twin sensations of his cock and his tongue on her nipple and his fingers rolling over the other nipple.

She moved more quickly as his body leaned backward to let her take control. She reflexively tightened her thighs and hips to increase the sucking sensation of her pussy on his cock. She lowered her face and body to meet his lips, while still moving back and forth, pumping him.

"Aaaahhh, that's it. Please, Dr. you're so hot. I can't take any more of this," he gripped the back of her shoulders to slap her pussy back on his cock faster. 

He bit her neck, sucked at her earlobe, all the while moving faster and faster. Neither of them cared about their noises any longer or whether the rodeo was long over for the day. 

"Please. Harder." She pleaded with him, "More."

"Oh, Oooohhh, Mmmmmm." She could feel him sliding into her deeper and deeper. She could see his eyes lose focus. Now, it was she who was making him lose his sense of gravity. 

Then, she could see nothing at all, as the world shifted its center to this one point, this one last thrust and she came harder the second time around, as his seed filled her up as well.