 Coworker Kari: stripped, wet and lathered 

"Kari?"

She turned at her desk, away from the old-model computer that frequently gave us both fits. Her eyes found mine and she was listening. "Yes?"

"That's — that's something I should probably say to you," I said. "Do you mind?"

Her light eyes turned quizzical. "What do you mean? Go ahead. What?"

Kari had been talking about her shorts. The same ones she had on. A sexy, too-small pair of mini-shorts, just barely covering her upper legs and certainly contouring around everything she had in back. Minutes earlier, she had actually talked to me about them. "Aren't these great?" she said, pulling at the fabric ends over her thighs. "They stretch, but they look like denim."

She stretched, too. Frequently, workplace or no. In her tank tops, which fully revealed her shoulders and the color of her bra, judging from the straps, all Kari had to do was bend over slightly and I could see an inch of her bustline. Didn't she at least feel air going down there? Wasn't she aware of a clear line of sight between my eyes and the space between her . . . you know . . .

I was embarrassed to admit it. But as far as I could tell, working there alone with this short-haired brunette whose office apparel included not only the tank tops, but shorts and sandals, she might as well have been seducing me.

Especially when the boss was out, who seemed never to notice her skimpy getup.

Which was why I was broaching the topic now. Surely Kari would listen.

I carefully thought of my words before I said them — "them," meaning, "an entirely different set of words than what I'd thought."

"Well," I said. "Like, the way you dress. You know?"

Kari knew. I may have detected her eyes rolling as her hand went up. "Wait. Wait. You don't have to say anything more."

Blowing me off.

"I'm just letting you know," I said, my face flushing. "It doesn't seem appropriate."

The whole room seemed to jolt, for some reason.

I blinked, still watching Kari's reaction. She just sat there, as if thinking, her eyes turned away. Then she faced me again. "Don't get so embarrassed," she told me brightly. "But it's not my fault if you get distracted by what someone is wearing. This is what I want to wear, and it's not my fault."

I wasn't sure what to say. "Okay." I exhaled and pretended to study one of the many papers taped or puttied to the wall.

"I mean . . ." Kari was still defending herself. "I can't help it what others think. It gets hot down here and I'll dress how I like."

Hot down here. "It sure does," I mumbled.

In the corner of my eyes, Kari leaned forward. She had heard. "What?"

I faced her. "Nothing."

"What did you say?"

Again I sighed, and looked away. "Nothing."

"Something about the heat."

So she wouldn't give up. I looked at Kari. "I said that it gets even hotter down here when you're here," I said to her, my voice tinged with irritation. "Wearing those skimpy little things — do you even know how guys' minds work?"

Kari scowled. "I think I know a little. How do guys' minds work?"

I was ready to defend myself now. "Well, you tell me — you seem to think they'd be just fine with someone half-naked right in front of them."

"You think I'm half-naked?"

Even her saying the word made me hotter. "Sort of . . ." I answered. "Yeah. Okay, maybe, yes."

Slowly Kari stood, her scowl giving way to confusion.

"What then?" she asked me. "If I'm right here in front of you, you're . . ."

Where was this going?!

". . . You're thinking about what I would look like if I were . . ."

Don't say that! I shook my head. "Okay, just — stop right there."

Kari did stop. Her expression looked concerned. She was at least a foot shorter than me.

Her brown eyebrows furrowed. "You're actually thinking about . . . you know . . . seeing me completely undressed or something?"

"N . . . no." Of course I was lying.

And Kari didn't believe it. "Then what's your problem?" she asked.

Again I sighed, still annoyed by her behavior. The room burned with heat, crawling across my skin, just from being a few feet from her. "Okay." I breathed out the word, then thought of more. "Being completely honest here. Yeah. When you dress like that, I can't help but picture getting you completely undressed. I can't help it. All right?"

Kari stood there, her eyebrows raised, not responding.

I swallowed. Kari blinked. Then she smiled. Smiled sweetly.

"Do you really want to?" Kari asked.

Now it was my turn to fall silent.

"Don't . . ." I managed. "Don't do that."

My brain seemed to turn. Did she actually want to. Yes, she did. Would I do this? Not possible! Other people did this, not me! This kind of thing only happened to other people! But here she was, this gorgeous, petite, brunette girl in mini-shorts and red tank top . . . asking if . . .

"Would you like to have sex with me?" Kari asked.

I felt betrayed by her and yet let in on her vulnerability, seduced — all at once.

"Kari," I whispered.

She stepped closer, not breaking eye contact. "It's been a long afternoon," she intoned. "Believe it or not, I've already done this once. Several years ago."

I never had. Only in my imaginations.

Kari tried to shrug. But she shivered. She was nervous too!

"Might be fun," she offered.

Her body. Slender. Most of it bare to me now. Her — her chest — her legs and thighs . . .

I was breaking down. I could feel my resistances dissolving.

Disappearing. Almost gone now.

I was about to give in to temptation forever.

"No one . . ." Was I speaking? I swallowed, tried to moisten my mouth. "No one can ever know."

Kari nodded and smiled. So sweet.

Sweet.

I was about to fall hard.

"I can . . . go up and lock the door." Kari stepped to the side.

Inside my pants, I was throbbing. How had I not noticed it before? I felt as if I had to go to the bathroom.

"Wait." My hand reached out and accidentally brushed her arm.

Kari looked up.

"I'll do it," I mumbled. "I have to go to the bathroom anyway."

Then I froze, instantly. My thoughts flickered to the bathroom upstairs. Sink. Toilet. And a stand-up shower, for some reason — I had no idea why it was there.

"Kari." My voice wavered. I tried to stop it. You're doing this, so do it right. "Let's . . . umm . . . go upstairs. To the bathroom. Do it in there. We can even . . . shower together."

Kari's eyes widened. Her smile fell. "Oh. I don't know . . ."

"Please, Kari." To have come this far . . . surreal! I leaned forward, into her vision. "I'll . . . you will . . . I mean . . . we can get some soap, you know, and get things really hot and steamy." I thought of something else. "Of course it'll be hot and steamy already, if you're in there . . ." Naked. Kari completely naked.

Kari flashed me another smile. "You really have it for me, don't you?"

I nodded. I couldn't respond.

Her hand reached up. She touched my arm, lowered her face and stared at me, her pupils just under her eyelashes. "Go on up there and get ready for me," Kari told me. "I'll wait a few minutes, then make sure we have the door locked. Then I'll join you."

I swallowed hard. Felt the warmth of her hand on mine.

Without another word, I stepped away, through the door and strode out of the office, head fogged with lust and the realization of what I was actually about to do.

Upstairs, I burst into the bathroom. Flipped on the light, locked the door — why? — then quickly did my business in the toilet. It was all I could do to keep myself aimed down in there.

I washed my hands. Then quickly took off my socks and shoes and stood by the toilet.

And stayed there.

Seconds later came the knock on the door.

I whispered, "Who is it?"

"Kari," she said, a smile in her voice.

I bounded to the door and opened it. Kari slipped inside. Her arms were full of something — she passed me in the small, dark room and dropped the load on the toilet seat.

"Locked the door?" I rasped.

"Yes, I did." Kari stood before me.

I pointed to the tangle of objects on the toilet seat. "What are those?"

"Bath towels," Kari answered. "I guess . . . we need some way to dry off, don't we?"

Again I found my mouth was dry and I swallowed hard. I gazed down across Kari's body, so close to mine, encased in that sexy tank top and shorts. Her legs, arms and shoulders were bare. From this distance, I could smell some scent about her brown hair. Her eyes flickered to mine and she gave a little smile. Curiosity covered her face.

Her smile broadened. "What are you looking at?"

"Kari." I could only say her name. Gingerly I reached out and took her shoulders. Soft skin. She was trembling. "You are so sexy."

Kari drew closer. Her hand slid up across my shirt, and she fingered my collar. "Now if I hadn't dressed like this, we wouldn't be here now, would we?"

I blinked down to her. From this angle, I could see the dark crevice between her . . .

Lust crept into my mind. She was here, I was here, and we could do anything. Anything.

I pulled Kari even closer, right up against me, embracing her. Her face was against my chest. My hands fell behind her shoulders, drawing across her bare back. My fingers toyed with her . . . with her straps. Kari's hands were behind my back, moving up and down, inches from the shower stall door behind me. I felt her touch, heard her breathing, silently. My hands found the bottom edge of her tank top and slid up, over the skin of her back.

"Take this off," I murmured to Kari.

She released me, and stepped back. Slowly she held her arms above her head, hiking the red fabric tight against her breasts. My fingers crossed to her sides, above her hips, and I stared down at her exposed belly. 

"You take it off," she told me.

Briefly I rubbed her trim, soft stomach. Then I grasped her shirt fabric and pulled up.

Kari let me remove her top. I slid it over her head and arms, and her brown hair fell back into place. I must have dropped it behind her.

I was staring at Kari. Wearing nothing but her denim shorts and her cream-colored bra. Her breasts were inside, blocked from my sight only by the fabric of her underwear.

She just stood there, letting me see her.

Before I knew it, I was untucking my t-shirt and pulling it over my head as well. As soon as it cleared my vision, I was again staring at Kari, nearly topless before me.

She moved her hands up, as if to clasp her own breasts.

I could wait. For a moment.

I eased down, and settled into a kneel. Reached up, and put my hands on her hips. Kari watched me, saying nothing, as I skimmed my fingers across her covered thighs, then her upper legs beneath the shorts. Her skin felt hot. I ran my hands behind her . . . and felt her back there. I was feeling Kari's butt. I was feeling Kari's butt.

Kari said nothing. Only smiled down to me, her hands to her sides.

"I want to . . . take off your shorts," I said to her.

Kari just kept smiling. She didn't respond.

Then she reached down to her middle. Near the front of her waistband. With both hands, she pulled — and unbuttoned her shorts. They sprang apart, gapping in the middle. Kari pinched the zipper and slid it slowly down. I caught sight of pale yellow.

"Go ahead," Kari answered.

I took hold of her shorts legs and pulled down. Kari let them slide down off herself. I watched as they cleared her waist and then panties. Cream-colored, the same as her bra. There were the trims around her thighs. The space between her legs, covered. I gasped, swallowed, all of my being throbbing even more, as I slid the shorts down her legs, across her knees and then to her feet.

Kari stepped one foot out of the shorts, then the other. Then she leaned over, hair dangling toward me, still smiling.

"I can't believe we're doing this," she giggled.

While I'm down here. I unfastened my belt and slid it out. Then unbuttoned my shorts, unzipped them, and stopped there.

She's about to see me completely naked too.

And Kari's hands were drawing down, closer to my waist. I rose to a stand and Kari laughed again as she took hold of my shorts near my pockets. I found her eyes; she was smiling at me, requesting permission to take them off. I nodded.

"Mm," was her response as she slid them down near my knees. From there, they dropped to the floor and I stepped out of them.

Then Kari stepped back. She spread her arms to the side, presenting herself.

Kari stood before me, wearing nothing but her bra and panties. Her slender, petite body was almost completely bare. And I was nearly naked too.

She smiled to me, then beckoned with her hand. "Kiss me."

Kari slid her body against mine. Heat washed over me as I felt her legs against my legs, her arms stroking my bare back and shoulders, and she pressed her bra-covered breasts and stomach against my chest. Her eyes closed and our mouths touched. Kari's lips moved, clasping about mine, and I gasped. I felt everything. Her warmth. Her breath. Her nose tickling mine.

"Mmmmmmm," she sighed.

I wanted to get in the shower now. I wanted to see Kari fully naked. I wanted to feel her body.

My lips released and I gasped for air. Kari's hands came up to cup her own breasts. I stumbled to the left, unlatched the shower door and got it open, then stepped up inside. A bar of soap and a stack of washcloths lay on a shelf.

Clad only in my underwear, I turned on the water. Cold first. Hot. It mixed and came out as spray from above. Just the right temperature, finally, and it was getting on me, moistening my already-hot skin. I heard the door close, felt Kari stepping in behind me and turned around.

Her elbows were pointing up, her hands behind her. "I'm taking off my bra," Kari said.

I grinned, waited and watched.

The cups around her boobs loosened, and Kari moved her hands in front. She stepped closer, stepped past me, and touched her hip to mine as she moved under the spray. Kari's eyes closed as the water ran across her hair, pooling on the floor at our bare feet and spreading across her neck, stomach, and panties-clad thighs. Water soaked her bra, and Kari peeled it from her chest.

I beheld Kari's breasts. Pert and dangling, her nipples pointed straight down but slowly positioned themselves to face me instead. Water covered her boobs and Kari giggled, cupping her breasts and stepping close to me.

I was too stunned to do anything as she rubbed them against my stomach. Hot, slippery nipples slid across my skin.

My hands reached up from my sides. I squeezed both of Kari's breasts and she exhaled, her foot bumping mine on the floor. I kneaded her flesh, groping her boobs, water covering everything. Softly I wrung them up and down, playing with her, gasping for air in the heat and the steam.

It was steaming up in here.

Kari's hand suddenly squeezed my covered penis — the touch startled me and I felt a momentary thrill. Water dripped everywhere. With a gasp, I leaned my head down and slid my forehead against her wet neck, staring full-on at her boobs and the crease between them from above. I let go of her left breast and kissed it, then licked, water dripping down my cheeks and chin. Hot, wet flesh. Soft and vulnerable. So sexy.

Kari squeezed my penis again, and never before did I so want to be naked.

I jerked back from her incredible chest, snapped my hands down and yanked my underwear down. My penis slid free and jerked upward — quickly I saw Kari smiling as I pulled down my wet briefs and slid them off both feet in a wad. My heart crashed as I looked up and saw Kari staring at my cock from above her dangling breasts, then I slid my hands up her wet legs, grasped her panties and pulled down.

Also wet. Her underwear crumpled but slid across her slick skin. Hair on her groin yielded to my first look at Kari's vagina. She bent over and lifted one leg, then the other, and I stripped the panties off.

I stood up and Kari mashed her steaming body into mine, then slithered down and then up, clutching her own breasts. "Mmm, we're naked together," she purred, short damp hair dripping to her shoulders. "Do you like my pussy? Get a nice long look at my little pussy?"

"Yes," I gasped.

She was touching her breasts — to my penis! "Yeah, and look at that nice big cock," Kari said, sliding upward. "It's been hard for hours, hasn't it? You've fantasized about me, haven't you?" I nodded. "Now you have me." Kari put on a nasty expression. "But you should feel dirty anyway."

Dirty. The soap. The washcloths were already wet by now.

Kari's wet, dripping face approached mine for another lip-lock. I cooperated fully, clasping her lips into mine, kissing her long and hard . . . wet . . . and sultry.

"Yes, yes," she breathed, retreating and then coming forward again. "Oh yeah."

My hands squeezed her boobs, then I let go and felt behind her for the shower knobs.

"Feel my titties again," Kari purred, her lips an inch from mine. "I know you like my titties. My nice, young little wet titties. You like to hold them and squeeze them."

I squeezed the water handles and turned them off.

She looked backward, then whirled her head to face me again, green eyes curious.

"Bath time," I managed. "I'm dirty, but you're dirtier." I lifted the washcloth and then the soap from the shower shelf. "I'm going to clean off your whole body."

Kari giggled. "Mmm, you're nasty. Wash me off, nasty boy." Her lips parted for a grin and she lifted her arms, twisting her long, lithe body around. For the first time I looked down and gaped at her gorgeous ass, cresting her perfectly-rounded thighs.

I lathered the washcloth as Kari waited, sighing, then turning to face me again, she propped her left hand against the tiled wall and used the other to rub the skin above her vagina. A triangle of pubic hair fell deep between her legs, parted only by her crack, still dripping excess water from the shower.

Now I slid the soap across her neck and Kari giggled, gleefully. Bubbles dripped over her titties, as I washed her.

Neck, arms, underarms — she raised her arms, then lowered as I slicked the soap across her sides.

Then, finally, her breasts. Kari cooed and sighed as I took special care with those, rubbing the soap in good, pinching her nipples, sliding the cloth from side to side, then around and around each one.

I knelt, going lower. She turned with her stomach to the wall corner, palms raised against the tiles as she let me wash her back. Then her buttocks. I palmed both her cheeks, saving the crack for later, then went lower. Feet, calves, knees, thighs, from back to front.

Then I slid the cloth upward, starting beneath her buttocks, and pulled it up through her crack. Kari gasped, and spread her legs wider. My god. I barely saw her anus as I drew the cloth further up, between her buttocks, exiting near the top.

"You're so dirty," Kari breathed, twisting her front into view again. "You're next."

One last part. I eyed her from beneath, on my knees before her, worshiping her gorgeous, steaming, soapy nude body. With both hands I folded the washcloth inward, then reached up to wash her thighs more carefully. Then her inner thighs. With a soapy right hand I gently touched Kari's vagina, tickling her and watching it in fascination. Bubbles trickled from her stomach into her pubic hair. I stuck my finger just barely inside her crack.

Kari writhed on her feet. "Oh, god."

I withdrew. Then washed her with the cloth. White-lathered soap slicked everywhere, into her dark mass of pubic hair between her legs. I carefully rubbed this most delicate portion of Kari's anatomy, then I let the cloth fall as I rose, still clutching the soap bar in my left hand. Both fingers slid up her legs and thighs, tickling her stomach — Kari giggled and shied back. "Stop it." My hands reached her breasts and I lathered more soap from the bar, then slid my probing fingers across both her boobs, feeling her hot nipples against my palms.
