 The first part of a new story for you and I hope you like it so please let me know your thoughts especially as I'm experimenting with a mix of first and third person viewpoint.

This could have been in Interracial or Romance but have put it in Erotic Couplings but there is not a lot of sex in the early chapters (in fact ... none) as I like to build the characters and a story line.

My apologies for any unintended slight to the real person mentioned in the story but hopefully the reference is received as a compliment as she really is gorgeous.

Chapter 1

"Asshole!" cried Marisa as she threw the pile of folders down on her desk.

"Absolute asshole!"

Her colleague Dawn looked over at her and smiled gently.

"Paul upset you again?"

Marisa looked over at her and sighed.

"I can't seem to do anything right for the man! Does he not like me because I'm a woman ... I'm too young ... I'm well educated ... or is it because I'm American or perhaps it's because I'm black ..."

Dawn cut her off sharply.

"Don't even go there ... he's definitely not prejudiced about you or anyone in any way ... in fact he's one of the fairest, nicest guys around ... and ... if I was 10 years younger ... ."

Her voice trailed away and Marisa saw a wistful look appear on her face and grinned.

"Don't forget you have a husband and two daughters!"

Dawn scowled at her and then smiled.

"Don't bring reality into a fantasy! Now that 'The Bitch' is out of the way there's hope for all of us. Even Eva Jankowski thinks she'll make a play for him."

Marisa's eyebrows rose in complete surprise.

"But ... I thought ... isn't she ...?"

Dawn nodded.

"Yep, but if you think my Roger would be annoyed just think how Juliette would feel if Eva left her for a bloke! But she says he's the one guy who gives her cause to doubt her preference!"

Marisa pondered this.

"But why? Ok, he's ... reasonably good looking ... he has nice eyes ... but he's not George Clooney for sure ...what is it about him that gets you load of harridans going and leaves me angry and frustrated?"

Dawn looked at her with faux-annoyance.

"Hoy, Yank, who are you calling a harridan? I tell you what ... if my eldest was to bring someone like him home as a boyfriend I'd make sure she never let him go ... whereas the riff-raff she goes out with at the moment ... lord preserve us!"

"Isn't your eldest about 17 and he's ... what ... mid-thirties?"

Dawn chuckled.

"Details, dear girl, mere details. I suspect when he was younger he had more success with the mums than the daughters he was courting. I know that Caroline ... "

She blushed.

"Ooops, sorry TMI.!"

Marisa smiled at the rare indiscretion by the woman who was the PA to The Executive Chairman of The World Hotel Group, Sir Maurice Whittingham.

"What about Caroline ... mother-in-law pitching for her daughter's husband? Oooh ... juicy ... does Sir Maurice know?"

"I don't know what you mean ... anyway ... moving swiftly on."

The Caroline they referred to was the second wife of Sir Maurice Whittingham, and step-mother of 'The Bitch' aka Sarah Cook, nee, Whittingham. Caroline was also a non-executive director of WHG as it was her family money that had given Maurice (no 'Sir' back then) the start he needed to build a global chain of hotels, casinos and resorts.

The object of Marisa's ire, and Dawn's affection, was the Chief Operating Officer of WHG, Paul Cook, who was in the throes of a contentious divorce from the aforementioned 'Bitch'. Paul had been giving Marisa a difficult time from the moment she arrived at the company, some 4 months earlier.

Dawn looked at her with sympathy.

"You must have discussed him with Sophie before she left. Sophie was forever feeling like she could do nothing right in the early days but they seemed to understand each other by the end of her year."

Marisa looked glum and acknowledged that she had indeed discussed it with her predecessor.

"Yes I did ... but she said she still felt that he didn't like her and that she didn't deserve to have an important position in the company."

She paused and looked embarrassed.

"Sophie thought it might be something to do with the fact that Sir Maurice has never recruited a bloke into the role of Special Assistant and that Paul felt she was nothing more than eye-candy for the Chairman."

Dawn looked horrified.

"What? Did he say that or was she just doing 2 plus 2 and coming up with 40? If he did say it then she could have raised a complaint for sexual harassment or something. I just don't think it's in Paul's style though. He really is a very fair minded man."

Marisa looked even more uncomfortable.

"Well ... look at it dispassionately ... I've seen the photos of my predecessors and met Sophie so I know what people think. Sir Maurice recruits a new Special Assistant as an intern every year who is highly educated and normally comes from an aristocratic English background ... good looking girls every one of them ... long blonde hair ... fashion model elegance ... stunningly beautiful ... well until I broke the mould ... "

Dawn interrupted.

"Don't sell yourself short. You may be American and ... black ...sorry, a woman of colour ... but you scrub up really well and we know you are an international model in disguise ..."

Both women chuckled at that reference to an advert for Yves Saint Laurent in Vogue that Dawn had found that featured a beautiful black girl that looked a lot like Marisa. She had teased Marisa about it to the extent that the younger woman had found out the details of the actual model, Damaris Lewis, to show that she was significantly taller and older than Marisa.

"Also, you are probably the brightest girl we've ever had here. More importantly you have common sense which some of the early recruits were seriously lacking. If Paul had been here then he would certainly have given them a hard time. Have you ever spoken to him about how to improve your working relationship?"

Marisa shook her head.

"No ... every time I have a discussion with him we seem to end up at loggerheads."

"Well you are both stubborn ... convinced you are right ... and often are by the way. Perhaps you are too alike."

"Whaaaat? Me ... similar to that asshole ... no way!"

Dawn smiled.

"Methinks she does protest too much!"

Marisa grinned sheepishly.

"I do like to be right ... now and again!"

"OK, but maybe you should just acquiesce now and again. Don't make a fight out of everything ... just the important battles. What was this one about?"

Marisa looked even more embarrassed and guilty.

"Consistency of the WHG brand image ..."

Dawn looked aghast.

"You didn't imply it wasn't necessary did you? That is one of Paul's pet projects and has driven that through really hard in the three years he's been here. You won't win that battle and actually I take back what I said about you having common sense if you thought that was a sensible idea."

Marisa looked even more embarrassed at the criticism.

"I know ... I know ... and I don't believe it myself ... I just didn't want him to think I was a vacuous imbecile. It just came out wrong and I ended up trying to defend something contrary to everything I believe in. Paul is right ... consistency is key to the brand image. I just want him to respect me for having good ideas and not treat me like an idiot."

Dawn smirked knowingly.

"Ah ... like a child craving love from a parent?"

Marisa looked up sharply.

"Not at all ... I ... I just want him to like me ... err ... respect me ... that's all!"

Dawn's laughed.

"I think your first answer was correct ... you just joined the rest of us harridans!"

Marisa looked despondent and Dawn felt sympathy for the bright, beautiful girl trying to make it in a world dominated by older white men. She decided, for once, to be less than her normal discrete self.

"Look, if it is any consolation I do know that he would like to keep you on after your internship has finished, to work as his Special Assistant ... he's never considered doing that for any of your predecessors before ... but don't let him know that you know ... and certainly don't give him reason to change his mind!"

Marisa looked at her colleague with a stunned expression.

"Are you serious? Did he say that?"

Her look of delight soon changed to scepticism and the hostility.

"Is he doing this for tokenism? It would get the diversity levels up ...black ... female ... foreign ... if I was in a wheelchair and a Muslim or a Jew he could get the full-house."

"Marisa!"

Dawn's voice cut across her like a knife and her face was flushed with anger.

"Just accept the fact that he rates your abilities and do not try to imply false motives to his thought process. If you go down that route you could end up suggesting that he's only doing it because he wants to have sex with you ..."

Both women looked shocked at the statement and Dawn blushed.

"Sorry ... that was uncalled for."

Marisa forced a smile, still reeling from the suggestion.

"Err ... that's ok ... no apology necessary. I guess it is difficult to reconcile the fact that he thinks highly of me to the way he treats me."

Dawn relaxed and smiled gently.

"Maybe he's doing that because he does think highly of you. Perhaps when you argue he is testing you. Now, why don't you go home early, get packed and have an early night. Perhaps on the trip you can get some time alone with him and work out how to improve your working relationship."

Marisa looked thoughtful and then grinned.

"Maybe if I take him to bed for mind-blowing sex we can have a pillow talk after."

Dawn grinned naughtily as she developed the joke.

"I wouldn't be allowing him to talk ... his mouth would be occupied elsewhere."

"Dawn! I take it back ... you are not a harridan .... You are a slut in disguise!"

Chapter 2

I was not a happy man.

I'd lost my temper yet again with Marisa and in doing so I had allowed her to get under my skin. Something that had happened almost from the moment we had first met.

Why did she wind me up so much? Her predecessors in the intern role of Special Assistant were mostly well educated, upper class bimbos without too many good ideas.

Marisa, however, was very different.

Firstly she was American and brought with her none of the baggage in the form of constraints and acceptance of convention that those before her had.

Secondly she was from a reasonably poor background in Louisiana but with the help of her parents and hard work she had gained an education that had enabled her to pick and choose her career path and, at the age of 24, she had a bright future ahead of her.

Thirdly she was possessed of a fearsome intellect and was always challenging me and the organisation by asking the questions like 'why are we doing this ... why won't this work ... why can't you do this'. Her thought processes were very similar mine and it was the first time in my career that I'd come across someone with a similar mindset.

She was, in effect, a corporate soul-mate and I often took the nuggets of ideas she generated and incorporated them into the daily workings of the company.

Did I claim them for myself? No. What do you take me for ... a plagiarist?

Did she know that she was instrumental in changing the business? Probably not because my biggest fault, mentioned in many an appraisal in my early career, was that I didn't give praise often enough.

Fourthly ... and this was not a reason that I would publicly admit to, she had the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen!

Slanting, almond shaped and dark with the longest lashes imaginable falling onto beautiful cheekbones. These eyes were placed in a heart shaped face with a broad but finely sculptured nose and full kissable lips surrounded by long dark wavy hair that she often wore pulled back in a high pony tail thus showing all of her lovely face.

Not that I had noticed ... much!

To be truthful, the rest of her was pretty stunning too but it was her eyes and face that totally captivated me to the point where I had to make sure that I never sat opposite her in meetings because I would lose myself in those dark exotic pools. I would have been accused of perving and certainly wouldn't be paying attention to what was going on in the meeting.

Yes she was different, to the point I had discussed offering her a permanent position with the company after her internship finished.

Or was that because she had beautiful eyes?

I had never had this mental conflict about anyone at work before and suspected that this was part of the reason we clashed so frequently. I couldn't let myself succumb to favouritism because of my physical attraction to her as that way could lead to sexual discrimination claims by the current (mostly male) staff over whom she would be preferred. However, I didn't want to lose someone who was already an asset to the business.

But, and it was a big 'BUT', she had an attitude problem that annoyed me more than it should and I was letting it get to me and didn't understand why. She seemed to think that, because she was Sir Maurice's protégée, she could ride roughshod over operating protocols and processes that I had introduced ... in the most recent case she had told a hotel manager in The Gambia that he didn't need to introduce the new customer care training because she, Marisa, had been there recently and felt the customer service was already superb.

Our recent spat was the fall-out from that decision and I had pointed out that company processes were there for a purpose, in this case, to ensure consistency in approach where the organisation needed common behaviour to be maintained in order to support the WHG brand. She had disagreed and suggested that local management be allowed flexibility at which, I'm ashamed to say, I had exploded and a heated discussion had ensued during which I called her 'naïve and idiotic' to suggest that you could have 'a uniform application of management discretion' and things had spiralled downwards from there.

To be fair, my head was not where it should be. I was in the midst of a divorce from my soon-to-be-ex-wife, Sarah, which was proving to be protracted, contentious and bad-tempered despite the fact that I had tried to be accommodating at every turn. In addition, WHG were in the middle of a takeover of a smaller chain based in the Caribbean with the due-diligence on one particular hotel on Barbados proving problematic. In order to get to the bottom of the issues Sir Maurice, Marisa and I were leaving in the morning for a two day fact-finding mission that was designed to confirm or cancel the takeover.

The thought of the conflicts that could arise from two days in Marisa's company sent alarm bells ringing through my brain. But suddenly as I was thinking about the potential for disaster a couple of random synapses in my subconscious fired up a fantasy vision of her in a bikini for no apparent reason.

Where had that come from? Why?

I shook my head to clear the image and tried to get back to the real world. I was wary of the potential for disaster so decided that we needed a clear-the-air session and picked up the internal phone to call her.

Chapter 3

Dawn heard Marisa's extension ringing and transferred the call to her own phone and saw it was Paul.

"Hi Paul, I'm sorry but Marisa has left for the day. Can I help you with anything?"

"No, I wanted to ... err ... have a chat with her. It's ok ... it can wait."

"Something to do with today's little bust up by chance?"

"Ahh ... you heard about it. Not my finest hour I'm afraid."

"It takes two to tango you know and she admitted to me that she was in the wrong although maybe calling her a naïve idiot was perhaps not that diplomatic."

Dawn heard him sigh.

"No, especially as she's not ... idiotic that is ... you know I have high regard for her as she's one of the brightest people around here. I just wish we didn't seem to rub each other up the wrong way all the time."

Dawn paused and thought carefully about how to phrase the next questions.

"Do you perhaps think that you are treating her like that because you rate her so highly? Or is it something more visceral ...dare I say ... like a physical attraction that you want to quash so that you aren't seen to be favouring her? She thought it could be the other way round by the way. She thinks it could be an 'ist' thing ... sexist ... racist ... that you don't like her because of who and what she is but I put her straight on that."

She heard Paul's indrawn breath at the suggestion of the physical attraction and then again at the possibility of him being racist or sexist.

"Well it isn't racist or sexist as you know full well I want her to stay on. But why do you say that ... about the physical attraction I mean?"

Dawn chuckled.

"Oh come on Paul! You couldn't take your eyes off her when she first arrived although to be fair you were not leering over her like the rest of the men or finding excuses to hover around her desk ... as they still do. Since then you have almost avoided looking at her unless you are talking to her directly ... and then you tend to look away very frequently."

There was a long silence and then Dawn heard the anguish in his voice.

"Oh shit ... I didn't realise it was that obvious."

Dawn chuckled again.

"It probably isn't to most people but your behaviour was ... is ... so out of character ... the one I know anyway ... that it was very obvious to me almost from minute one. It is not a crime by the way she is a very beautiful girl and knowing you, as I do, I can imagine the torture you go through to make sure you suppress that attraction in order to be scrupulously fair."

There was another long pause.

"Have you told her your theory?"

"No but I did let slip that you want to take her on full time. I thought it might ease some of her worries about racism and sexism. Maybe you need to have that conversation with her. Make her realise that you respect what she does ... her intellect ... her mind. You never have been very good at giving praise have you? See it from her point of view ... she's young ... female ... black ... American ... and one of the white ... British ... alpha males is giving her a hard time."

She heard another sigh but then his voice seemed to have a smile in it.

"Yes Aunty Dawn. You are right as usual. I only hope it doesn't go to her head as she's full-on already."

Dawn laughed.

"Well, let her know that she needs to rein it in. Her style is just as robust as yours with neither of you taking prisoners. We don't want dead bodies all over the place ..."

Dawn stopped as a flash of inspiration came to her and she went on excitedly.

"This is not just a physical thing ... this is an emotional intelligence thing ... you have met your equal ... or maybe you are yin and yang ... am I right?"

There was another pause and then she heard a chuckle tinged with embarrassment.

"Christ, Dawn ... you are too bloody good at this. OK I put my hands up ... I find her incredibly distracting physically but also believe that she will go a long way in this, or any other, business as she really does have the right intellect and mindset to succeed but ... "

Paul trailed off and Dawn wondered if he was summoning up the courage to say something controversial. He eventually continued.

"Sorry ... I was just thinking ... interestingly, she does not use her physical attributes to manipulate me or the rest of the poor unwitting male population of WHG as we would be putty in her hands with one blink of those lovely eyes ..."

Dawn coughed to get his attention.

"Err ... I think that's probably enough of that ... but you are right as I don't think she realises what physical impact she has on other people. I suspect if someone said that a bit of flirting would help her get things done she would do the exact opposite to prove to herself, and all the others, that it was her ability and not her looks that counted."
