 I had wanted him since the first day we started working together. I hadn't thought anything of him in those first few hours that we started. He wasn't anything I would have looked twice at on any given day. But this day, we were training side by side.

He stood about 5'10" he had dark red hair and skin so white he was pink. He had an Italian last name but you could tell his momma was Irish because that's what he looked like. He had a perfectly symmetrical nose and light brown hazel eyes. 

The first thing I noticed that day was his sense of humor. He was funny and he was really confident. Then I saw his feet, they were huge. I know, just a myth, but I couldn't help but notice they were big for someone only 5'10". But the last thing, the thing that sealed my fate was his voice. It was so deep, so soft yet firm. His vocal chords just seemed to vibrate on a frequency that made the walls of my pussy quiver.

It had been going on for a couple of weeks now. Our cubicles neighbored each other and the walls were only 4 feet high so we chatted often and helped each other with our workload. We made a great team and our supervisor loved us for it. She piled on the work and we cranked it out and I enjoyed every blessed second of it. But it was sooo hard. We worked together, CLOSELY together. This was so unethical to even consider.

One Friday, I happened to go out with a few people from work at a local bar. We were having a good time and it got a little later I think than any of us anticipated. At around 9p Justin walked in with a girl. He saw the few of us who were left and came over to say hello. Introduced the girl as "Kate" Not 'my friend Kate' but just 'Kate.' There seemed to be something bothering him ever so slightly but I couldn't tell what it was. 

They decided to join us and in the next hour and a half the last few people had left from the office. Kate got up and excused herself to the bathroom.

As soon as she was in the door Justin had pinned me against the wall. 

"I really want to kiss you."

You're crazy, your girlfriend is here."

"I notice you didn't say anything about there being a problem with us working together or more to the point, that you don't want to."

"Well, of course there is tha-" I stammered.

"She's not my girlfriend, she's my date and I don't want her. I'm here because she asked me, not because I asked her. I want you. I've wanted you since the day we started working together. I know you want me too."

"What makes you think-"

And before I could get the words out, his mouth was on mine. He didn't try to shove his tongue in my mouth. His lips sucked mine urgently as I tried to push him back. Truth is I didn't really want him to stop and quickly gave up the fight as I sucked his lips back. I felt his tongue slightly peruse my lips without intruding. Somewhere in the background I was aware that my hand was still on his chest from trying to push him off of me. 

Finally, he stopped kissing me and I stumbled slightly, I was so grateful for the wall behind me. My breath was coming in slight gasps and I felt my face flushed. 

"What makes me think what?" He asked smiling at me.

"Here comes your date." I said.

She came back to us and I made up some excuse about having to leave.

"Justin, go walk her to her car. Don't let her walk out there alone." Little did she know.

"I'm all right, really."

"Don't be silly, it's getting late and all these guys are drunk here. Justin, go with her."

"It's no trouble Celeste. I'll be right back Kate."

He did indeed walk me to my car. When we arrived at the car he pinned my body against it and wrapped his arms around my body. I felt his warm hands slowly make their way through my hair. He bent to kiss me and this time I returned it full force and we wasted no time in touching tongues. What was I doing?

"I want to see you tomorrow." He said when we came up for air.

"All right. Call me tomorrow." 

"I will."

"I know. I'll answer."

The next day that phone didn't leave my side. When it finally rang I jumped out of my skin. 

"Hello?"

"I thought for a minute you weren't going to pick up."

"I told you I would."

"So, what are you doing?"

"Drying off."

"Are you freshly cleaned on a Saturday evening?"

"Of course I am." I made my voice huskier.

"Mmmm, give me your address and I'll pick you up at 8p. Wear something dressy and if you don't mind, I prefer a skirt or a little black dress."

"You prefer." I sassed.

"I do. Don't worry, I'll make sure you have a good time, it will be worth it to listen to me."

"I'll see you at 8p." I laughed into the phone.

"Yes, you will."

I hung up the phone and ran to the closet. I had the perfect dress. It was an oriental style dress. But it was black as night velvet and had blood red filigree tastefully placed, and though it was a high neck dress, it had cap sleeves and a skirt that left little to the imagination. 

I wore a little pair of Jimmy Choo mules. They were black with pointy toes and little two and half inch heels. I was suddenly a whopping 5'4" and a half. I looked at myself in the mirror. My body looked good in this dress, not that there was anything wrong with it. I'm petite so I have curves. 32C breasts, 22 waist and 34 hips. Oh yes, you could see the Sicilian in those hips. However, my hair would not do worn down tonight. This dress called for it to be up. I quickly pulled it into a French twist and left a tendril free.

I put on some lip gloss and mascara. I didn't need much, I always had nice skin and I just didn't believe in the stuff I guess. But going out at least called for mascara for my baby blues and some gloss. I also swept a little shimmer over my face and instantly I glowed.

Not long after I heard the bell ring.

I went to the door and opened it. There he stood and he looked so good. 

He had on Timbs and slacks that fit his lower half perfectly. He wore a thick Phat Farm sweater that was olive green and it looked so good on him with that dark red hair. I couldn't believe that a red head was turning me on.

"Wow. I knew you'd look good but I had no idea."

I blushed. "Oh stop silly."

"What? Take the compliment, don't be embarrassed by it, It's true, I'll have the hottest girl in the club tonight."

"Woman."

"And how. So, can I come in?" He asked.

I laughed a little at myself. "Where are my manners, of course, please come in."

He closed the door and turned to me. He just looked me in my eyes. 

"What?" I asked, slightly intimidated but in such a good warm way.

"I have to kiss you." 

"Have to? No one's making you."

"Oh yes. You are in that dress with those shoes and that hair and..." He walked up to me and looked down at me. I looked back up at him and finally looked down. He put his finger under my chin and lifted my face back up. 

"Don't be afraid of me."

"I'm no-" And once again his sweet little lips were on mine. I felt his hands on my waist and they encircled me as he lifted me up to his level.

"You are so little." He said as we parted lips.

"And you keep cutting me off mid-sentence with those kisses of yours." I smiled.

"Do you mind?"

"No." 

"Mmm, we'd better get out of here before I ravish you right here." He said.

"Patience and confidence. You are sure of yourself."

He just looked at me and winked.

He took me to the city that night to a nightclub that played mostly hip hop. He danced me under the table. For a white boy he had some moves. His body stayed glued to mine much of the night as we moved to the beat. I could feel every inch of him and realized for the first time that night that we were basically having sex through our clothes. The only difference was the lack of penetration but he was making love to me on that dance floor. 

At one point he had me facing away from him and his hands were planted on my hips and he leaned over me. I felt his breath hot on my neck and then I felt his mouth on it as well. His lips gently sucked up the line of my neck and worked his way up to my ear. He sucked the lobe and lightly bit it. 

"I dream of you at night. I dream of being inside you and making you cum." He said.

I leaned back into him and reached my arm behind his head and pulled him in a backwards kiss. He turned me around to face him to the beat of the blaring music. One hand was on my ass and the other held me by my neck.

"Let's get out of here." I heard myself say. "If you don't get out of those clothes soon I think I'll take them from you right here on the dance floor."

Justin didn't need to be told twice. He eagerly led me to the coat check and got our coats. 

When we arrived back at my house he actually opened my door for me and held out his hand to help me out of the car. I heard my heel hit the pavement and knew my leg looked sexy in this exiting position. If he looked just right he could see a hint of my panties as my legs parted to get out of the car. 

"Where are your keys?" He asked. I held them up and he took them. "Which one?" I showed him wondering what he was up to and without warning he picked me up and slung me over his shoulder.

"What are you doing?" I laughed.

"Making sure you don't get away. I've waited for so long to have you and I'm not going to mess it up now." I heard the keys jingle as he approached the door.

"I wasn't going to go anywhere."

"Shshshshsh, just sit back, relax, and enjoy my ride." He snickered.

I smiled as he opened the door. I saw the parking area get smaller and smaller as we entered and the door closed. He walked to the bedroom and he stood me in front of the bed. It was a rather high bed and king size.

"That's a rather large bed for someone so small and who sleeps alone."

"Mmmm, but it's all mine."

He smiled down at me and slid my coat off my shoulders. He pulled me into another kiss, a soft tempting kiss and I was vaguely aware of his hands holding my neck seeking out the zipper to my dress. Once found I heard the zip as he slowly pulled it down my back. Once down he opened the back of my dress and caressed my back never once breaking contact with my mouth. I felt the dress being pulled gently forward and then fall to my feet. 

He broke the kiss then and stepped a little away from me. He looked down at me. I had thigh high black silk stockings on and a black lace bra. The lights weren't on but the room was lit up from the moon. 

"God, you're beautiful." He whispered.

I blushed as I reached for his sweater and pulled it off of him. I unbuckled his belt and slid his pants down. He took off the T-shirt he had on under the sweater as I proceeded to slowly drag his underwear down his body. We laughed as we realized we both forgot to get his shoes off first. He hastily untied and kicked them off and stepped out of the rest of his clothes.

I lifted my leg behind me to take off my shoes but he stopped me.

"Please don't. Not yet." He eyed me more hungrily and I lowered my leg. 

He then scooped me up in his arms and placed me on the bed. He got on all fours above me, his hands resting just under my armpits and he lowered his upper body down to kiss me. I caressed his face and ran my fingers though his hair. His kisses went lower. I felt his lips on my chin and my neck, down to my chest and then I heard him breathe a sigh of happiness when he realized the clasp to my bra was in the front. 

He quickly released them and let out a growl as they were free. He bent and kissed my right nipple. Suckled it then ever so gently grinded it with his teeth. He then moved to the left nipple. He kneaded the aroused flesh and suckled them just a little longer before moving down to my belly. His hands massaged my breasts and abdomen as I felt his tongue enter my belly button and what a strange tickling sensation that was. No one had ever done that before.

On to my stomach and finally I felt him approaching my pussy. I held my breath in torture and anticipation. His hands were on my hips slowly dragging off my black panties. I lifted one leg at a time to facilitate their removal and he kissed my leg and my knee as this happened. Once they were gone his hands were spreading my thighs and sighing in joy,

"Let me get a good look at you now." I felt one of his hands leave my thigh as the other parted my pouting moist lips. I felt a finger enter me gently, then 2 then 3. A small moan escaped my lips as I felt his thumb start to gently stroke over my clit as his fingers started to slowly fuck in and out of me. "I've wanted to see your pussy for so long. Wanted to feel it grip my fingers and come on my cock." A small whimper escaped my lips.

Now I felt the other hand leave my leg as well as it grabbed the top of my pussy and pulled it up. I then felt his hot breath on me as his thumb left my clit was replaced with his lips. First he sucked on the tiny bud and then his tongue found its way as well. He teased me with his butterfly strokes. My breathing became more labored and I started to grind against his mouth and fingers. I could feel something building within me and didn't want to cum so fast. Didn't want his mouth to leave me yet.

My hands rushed down to his head and grabbed it, letting the fingers slide through his silky hair, loathing the idea of it leaving my pussy and yet loving the idea that this man could make me so hot so fast.

His tongue picked up the pace and his lips would suck my clit in and release them over and over. Finally, I could take no more and I deluged his mouth with my first orgasm of the night. He reached up and grabbed one of my breasts as I came and lightly pinched a nipple. Twisted it deliciously as I came there on his hand.

"Are you ready for me, Celeste?" He asked. I smiled down at him as he raised his body up. For the first time I caught sight of his dick hard and was a little startled yet so hot to have him. I hadn't expected him to be packing like that. It had to be 10" long and as thick as my wrist. I found later that I couldn't even close my hand around the base of it. It was shaped like a missile. The farther down the shaft you went the thicker his pole got.

"Don't worry, Baby, I'll go slow at first." He seemed to read my mind, but something told me that wasn't the first time he'd seen that expression on a woman's face.

He knelt between my legs and just stroked his cock up and down my lips teasing me. And then I felt him position that fat head right at the opening of my cunt. He let it stay there as he lowered himself over me. His lips found mine and as his tongue started to enter my mouth, so his cock started to penetrate the folds that hungered for him. 

The first sensation was one of pure pleasure, but as he got a little further in the thickness of him was giving me a run for my money. I sucked in my breath and inadvertently broke from his kiss.

"I know, Baby, I know. Just relax, I'll stay gentle and slow. At least until you're used to me." He smiled at me and kissed my nose. "God, I've wanted to be inside you so long. I've dreamed of your tiny little body being invaded by mine. I've dreamed of making you cum all over my cock." I felt a couple of more inches that felt like a mile slide up into me. The pain of him was delicious. "Tonight I'm going to make you feel the way you're supposed to." He grabbed my lips with his mouth again as I felt even more of him slip inside the tight vice like grip of my pussy. I could feel the lips swollen out around him as my body tried to take in something that was just a little too big for it.

He pulled the monstrous cock out of me to the head and then slid him back in gaining another inch. My breath was hard and he stroked my hair as he looked into my eyes. He bent and kissed my neck, sucked it. "It's almost in, you almost have it all. Do you think you can handle it?" He asked, his voice even richer than I remembered it and that just seemed to make me more wet. My eyes snapped open in shock as I felt the rest of him glide into me. I felt his cock everywhere. Never had I been so stuffed, so gorged to repletion. "There, you have it all now. I don't know how your little body can take it, but you have it all." I felt his hips resting flush against my body and knew he wasn't lying.

I felt him slowly draw himself out and then slide right back in. He started a slow stroking motion in and out of my tight little ravaged pussy and I heard myself moaning every time he hit that part of my body I didn't even know existed. No one had ever been so deep inside of me before. I can't say there wasn't some discomfort, but it wasn't a bad kind. It seemed to set the pleasure I was feeling off and make it explode. 

He picked up the pace a little and drove into me with long, hard, irresistible strokes. I started to raise up to meet him now that I had fully adjusted to him. My hands clawed his back but not cruelly. I moved them down to his ass and grabbed the cheeks as I tried to push him further into me. 

"I noticed this bed is quite high." I heard him say. I wasn't paying much attention as I was concentrating on the amount of cock I had in me but I started to comprehend what he said as he slid out of me and stood at the foot of the bed. I raised up on my elbows curious to see what he was doing. He reached down over my body and grabbed me by my thighs. He pulled me down to the edge of the bed so fast I didn't know what had happened until I was there. He lifted my left leg up on his shoulder and held the right one out as he split my body open. He came a little closer and continued his piercing of my pussy with that monstrous cock he possessed. 

He started really pounding into me now. I was howling from the ecstasy and agony of it. My pussy walls quaked with him but every time he hilted me I saw stars. But oh how pretty they were. 

"Stroke your clit for me. I want to see you play with yourself." He commanded.

I slid a black-red nailed hand down to my pussy and began to circle it with my fingers. He let go of the leg on his shoulder as it stayed put he put a hand under me and lifted me up to meet his attack. 

"Mmm, your pussy sucks my cock so well. I knew you'd be tight and hot. I've wanted to feel your mouth on my cock too." He let go of the other leg and I propped my foot on the edge of the bed to keep myself wide open. His hand came up to my face as he traced the outline of my lips then stuck a finger in my mouth. "Have you ever sucked a cock so big, Celeste? Do you want to suck mine?" At his words I started to cum. It was his turn to groan as my tight pussy squeezed the shit out of his dick. "Oh my God you're so fucking tight." He sighed. As my orgasm started to subside he grabbed my ankles and folded my body in half. He leaned into me then. He started to kneel on the bed and he began to stab into me. The gentleness of it gone as he pounded my pussy at a blinding speed. My sensitive pussy that had just cum was on her way to having her third orgasm of the night. 

"That's right, you cum on my cock. You cum for me right now. You ever been so stuffed with cock before?" His words were making me hotter by the second. I reached between my ankles that were up by my head and grabbed him by the hair and kissed him. He bit my lips as the savagery of his orgasm started to take hold over his body. I felt him twitching inside me and then his hot jiz splashed my womb as I felt his whole body shiver. He let go of my legs and I wrapped them around his back, loathe to release him. He slipped his arms under my own and held me to him fast. His face buried in my neck as he started to catch his breath. He stayed inside me not wanting to pull out of me and he didn't seem to be fading yet either.

He caught his breath a little and I lifted his head up to face me by the hair. "I guess there's something to be said for a younger man's stamina." I laughed. He let a laugh out as he was still gasping for air. He held me tighter to him and rolled over onto his back. 
