 Dade was waiting eagerly at the door when I returned home. "So?" He questioned.

His jaw dropped, and I watched his jeans tighten as I recalled every detail. Midway through the story, he unzipped his pants and began masturbating.

"...And so she put her finger up to my lips and said, 'Taste, Annie.'"

"What?" He exclaimed, momentarily pausing masturbation.

"Then she rubbed her clit until she came, while I sucked her finger. She kissed me, thanked me for the ride home, and walked me to the door."

"That fucking tease!" He yelled. "I ought to go over to her and fuck her brains out. You know, to pay her back for teasing you like that."

I chuckled. "Thanks, hun. But I doubt that would be much punishment. Besides, she knows just what I like."

"Whatever. Well, you're still my wife, and I have allowed you to have sex with someone other than me. So, I think you need to get over here and give me some head."

Still thinking of Erika, I did as he wished, anxiously awaiting work the next night to see what else she had in store for me.

Well, the next morning I was awakened by a phone call. It was Joe. The third shit person had called in, and he needed me to work for him. Upset about missing Erika, I protested. Joe was crafty though. He reminded me that there was a supervisor position coming available soon, and they needed a flexible person for the spot. So, I reluctantly agreed.

When I arrived at eleven, Erika was already gone. I checked my messages, but nothing from her. So, I worked the lonely shift constantly wondering what she was doing.

I must have fallen asleep around two, because shortly after, I was awakened by the buzzing of the door. I figured ti was just some tired traveler looking for a room, so I flipped the switch allowing the door to unlock.

"Hello my sweet whore."

It was her. "Hey, I didn't expect you!" I replied excitedly.

She motioned for someone to come in and a few moments later a man walked in. "Annie, you remember Jack."

Instantly, I felt uncomfortable. Erika had mentioned Jack was madly jealous of her being with other women. "Uh, yes, of course. Hello, Jack."

She punched in the security code to open the office door and walked in, followed by Jack.

Jack was quite stunning, I must admit. He was much taller and more muscular than my Dade. His wavy blonde hair was messy, but very sexy. His bright green eyes wondered at first, and then settled on me.

"So you're the new bitch?"

She told him. I hoped he wouldn't find out, and we could be secret lovers meeting while he was away on one of his many business trips.

"I...uh..." I stuttered.

His massive frame approached, until he and I were face to face. Before I knew it, he had grabbed me by my hair and pulled me closer. "I asked you a question, whore. Did you enjoy Erika?"

"Yes, I'm sorry. I do really like her."

"I see," he responded. "Well, you know she's mine. I guess you're just going to have to put in some overtime to make up for taking something that's mine."

With that, he pulled me into the office area. Erika followed, a smile on her face. I was slightly frightened by his aggressiveness, but extremely turned on at the same time. Erika sat in the manager's chair and spread her legs, revealing she wasn't wearing anything under her school-girl style pink plaid skirt.

"Take off the pans," Jack ordered.

I did as he ordered, and stood in front of the two of them, a bit embarrassed by my half naked body.

Jack pulled the table that was sitting in the corner away from the wall and unbuttoned his jeans, pulling out his semi-erect penis. 

"On your knees, bitch." He demanded.

He pushed me to my knees and rammed his cock down my throat. I could feel a tear begin to form in my eye, it had been six years since I had been with a man other than my husband. Although I was secretly enjoying the situation, I couldn't help but wonder what Dade would think of this ordeal.

Seeing the tear, Erika got up from her chair and stooped down beside me. "Don't cry, sweetheart. You and I both know you love this." She kissed my cheek and resumed her seat to my left. 

With Jack's now fully erect penis ramming down my throat, I could feel I was now extremely wet. I couldn't take my eyes off Erika. I watched her rub her thighs, then up to her bare crotch. She had a relieved smirk as she began rubbing her clit.

"Oh, Bitch, you're good at this. I almost want to just let you suck me off. But don't worry whore, I'm gonna fuck your ass good."

He pulled me to my feet by my hair.

"Take off her shirt," Erika ordered.

"You heard her!" He demanded.

I did as they told me, and then he turned me around. He bent me over the table and began rubbing the head of his cock along my extremely wet pussy. I thought I was going to cum any second. I pushed my ass toward him.

"Oh no, you beg first," he replied, pulling away.

At first, I said nothing.

"Beg, Annie." Erika repeated.

"Please, Jack." I began.

"Please what?" He replied, again rubbing his cock against my pussy.

"Please fuck me."

"You can do better than that," Erika stated. She again approached me, this time plopping her bare ass upon the table, directly in front of where I was bent over.

I could smell her sweet pussy. She held her fingers up to my lips. I licked, tasting her sweet juices. "Please, Jack. Fuck me. Please fuck me, I'm your stupid whore. So please, I beg you, fuck me!"

With that, he rammed his cock in my soaking wet slit. At the same time, Erika grabbed my hair and buried my face in her wet pussy. I came at that moment. I sucked her pussy as my body shook with orgasm. 

"Oh yes, Annie. Cum for me you slut." Erika moaned.

After recovering from my vicious orgasm, I regained enough strength to move my hand up to her ass. I carefully sucked and licked her clit until she was squirming and ready to cum. Just as she started to warn me she was cumming, I rammed a finger into her tight asshole. She shook with pleasure. Jack, too, was cumming. I came again in a more intense orgasm than the first.

Afterwards, Erika got up from the table, and Jack removed his penis. He pulled up his jeans and handed me my clothes.

"You are a good fuck. I guess I'll forgive you for messing with my woman." He turned and left the office.

"Good night, sweet Annie. I'll see you tomorrow." 

With that, she gave me a quick kiss, and she was gone.