 Ok second story. Going for a multi-chapter one this time. Hope you enjoy! (The crack will become more prominent as the story progresses.)

EDIT: Turns out I fucked up on perspective towards the end. Edited to at least all be in 1st person. My bad!

There's a crack in my bedroom wall. It's not obvious, mostly hidden by my headboard, but it's there. It's not wide, only a couple inches at the widest, but it does provide a clear look to the other room.

Not that I would ever look in there.

That room, the guest room, is currently occupied by my friend Tanya. She's a real spitfire. 5'10", red hair, huge rack. That last part might not be in her Facebook bio. She's been staying with us for a couple months now, which is nothing new. Tanya stayed over regularly, so much so that my mom calls her the "daughter she never had."

Which makes what happens later even worse, if that were possible.

I, for my part, had done my level best to not be attracted to Tanya. But God save me, she wasn't making it easy. You know the worst thing about tomboy's? When puberty hits them like a truck and they get hot.

I know, I know. It sounds great, like some kind of fantasy or something. Gawky girl leaves for camp, comes back a slamming' hottie with DD's and an ass to match. Girl and boy hook up and fuck all day for the rest of the summer. And normally, I'd be all about it. I'd have crossed that line with her the second she walked through the door and never looked back.

But there's the Mom thing. She treats Tanya like family. Like, she's been in our family photos for the last 3 years kind of thing. It'd be way too awkward to start fooling around, let alone date.

The worst part? Tanya feels the same way. You think she's not doing the tomboy thing on purpose now that she's hot? Think again. She knows I want her, I know she wants me. It's a mutual lust, with only one roadblock.

Mom.

So anyway, back to the crack in my wall. Now, am I aware that it offers a perfect view of the bed currently occupied by my hot tomboy friend? Yes. Am I aware that Tanya sleeps naked? Yes, mostly because she "let it slip" this morning at breakfast. Mom chided her for being so obscene in front of me. Me, I almost busted a hole in the table. Tanya knew it too, and laughed as my face turned red.

"What's the matter 'little bro'? You seem all hot and bothered for some reason."

This was an old game. Since Mom doted on Tanya like a daughter, Tanya would tease me like a sister in front of Mom to get a laugh. She would also do it when we were alone, and it'd normally end with a wrestling match throughout the house. And when she was all knees and elbows, it was fine.

But now, Tanya was a woman. A LOT of woman. I wasn't sure how far to take the game, so I went for reaction only.

"Well gee 'sis', I guess I just don't like thinking about my sister naked." I said, sticking my tongue out at her.

Tanya and Mom laughed, but when Mom turned her back and started the dishes, Tanya got that evil look in her eye. It was a variation of an old look. In the old days, it meant "I'm gonna throw you over a couch."

Now, it seemed to mean "let's see if we can make Alex cum before we get caught."

Tanya sidled over to my side of the table, sitting so our legs were touching. Her thigh was warm against mine, an as the scent of her shampoo wafted into my nose, I think I got even harder. With a practiced move, Tanya reached down, right into my shorts, and firmly wrapped her hand around my cock, not 10 feet from my mother.

I might have cracked a tooth trying to keep my mouth shut. Somehow I stifled the groan Tanya always seemed able to wring out of me just by touching my cock. With an arousing amount of confidence, Tanya began stroking me up and down, her eyes locked on my face.

For my part, I tried to do anything but cum. It was a hard task at the best of times with Tanya, but today she was being bolder than usual, and it was driving me crazy. I found my eyes drifting from my mother's back, down to the jiggling heaven that was Tanya's tank top, which I believe Tanya had owned for several years, and was NOT stretching properly to hold her new assets.

Then the teasing started.

"So hey 'bro', after I get off work tonight, me and the girls are gonna go out for drinks."

I somehow found the willpower to answer.

"Oh?"

Ok, it wasn't Shakespeare, but come one, I was getting a very dangerous handjob at the time.

Tanya just smiled wider and increased the speed of her stroking. I'll tell you what, her tomboy years sure gave her a hell of an arm.

"Yeah, so could you please not hit on them when we come back? We'll already be tipsy, and I don't need you drooling all over Shannon again."

"I was not-"

At this point Mom chose to enter the conversation, still doing the dishes.

"Which one's Shannon again dear?"

Tanya almost laughed. I almost died. Mom had set her up perfectly. Her stroking slowed, matching the emphasis she put on words. She knew how I felt about Shannon. She was going for the kill.

"You remember Shannon, don't you Alex? She's the one with the-"

"Big..."

Stroke.

"Fat..."

Stroke.

"Tits."

Stroke.

I came, some would call violently. I splattered the inside of my shorts. With lightning speed, Tanya whipped her hand out of my shorts, just in time too. Mom turned quickly, her face flushed scarlet.

"Tanya! That is no way to speak at the table! And in front of poor Alex, he must be mortified! Look at his face!"

My face was flushed too, but for very different reasons than my mother. With a mumbled excuse, I scuttled off to my room to change, Tanya remained trapped at the table, facing the wrath of my mother.

Bolting upstairs, I made my way to the bathroom. After stripping off my soiled shorts and underwear, I took a shower, giving Tanya and mom time to finish arguing. As the water flowed over me, I took some time to think. Sure, me and Tanya could go to her house and fool around, hell we could go anywhere. But if I couldn't get Mom on board with us, then we couldn't ever really be together.

I was still lost in thought as I showered, and so I did not hear the bathroom door open, then close. I didn't hear the sound of someone undressing, and it wasn't until the shower curtain was pulled back that I snapped out of my thoughts. Looking over, I almost choked on water as my mouth fell open.

Tanya smirked at me as I gawked at her naked body. And boy, was there a lot to gawk at. Her breasts, which I knew from experience were full, firm, very VERY bouncy 38 DD's, sat high and proud. Her hips, wide and smooth, swayed lightly from side to side. Her legs, with thighs thick and warm (and pretty good at muffling moans). All in all she was a knockout, and right now she was looking at me like a prime cut of meat.

Well, looking at a part of me. A rapidly hardening part. With a twinkle in her eye, Tanya stepped into the shower with me, already dropping to her knees.

"Tanya, what about mo-"

That's about when the ability to speak left me, and coincidentally it was also the moment Tanya swallowed my hard cock to the fucking base. All 9 inches of me buried in her throat, throbbing in time with my pulse. Tanya's eyes rolled back in her head a little as she began to suck me. Tanya had a fetish for sucking cock, one I was happy to enable for her. Tangling my hand in her hair, I thrust myself in and out of her warm, wet mouth. Time passed, and the bathroom filled with sounds of gagging and moaning. The occasional "aw fuck Tanya" slipped in there too, usually right after she'd do this thing with her tongue where she wrapped it around my-

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

"Honey, do you have any clothes in there? I'm doing laundry."

At the sound of my mother's muffled voice, I damn near jumped out of Tanya's mouth. Nearly. I don't think I could have pulled out if I'd wanted too. I glared at her, but she only responded by smiling around my cock and bobbing her head faster, her eyes daring me to answer.

"Uhh yeah, but I can throw them in later."

"I don't want you running a load just for one outfit. Water isn't free young man!" my mother chided, oblivious to her "daughter" shuddering her way through another orgasm. For my part, it was all I could do to not bathe her tonsils. I knew she wanted me too, but I wanted to wait till mom left.

And then she opened the door.

In that moment, when the only thing separating my mother from seeing Tanya on her knees swallowing my cock was a thin shower curtain, something snapped In me. Pushing Tanya's head down, I began pumping one of the bigger loads I'd had lately into Tanya's throat, holding myself up with one hand as she happily sucked it down.

On the other side of the curtain, Alex's mother hummed to herself as she picked up her sons clothes. Putting them in the basket, she paused as she picked up his underwear. Her eyes widened as she beheld the heavily stained boxers.

'This must be Tanya's doing' she thought, 'Ever since she came back from camp, poor Alex has been going through so much underwear.' She knew why though. Alex's mother wasn't stupid. She knew what boys thought about, and she especially knew what boys thought about girls with big breasts like Tanya's.

Smiling to herself, Alex's mom went to leave, when something in the corner of the bathroom caught her eye. 'Oh Tanya must have left one of her bra's here.' she thought, but as she moved to pick it up, she saw it was not just her bra, but her shirt and pants as well.

Alex's mother narrowed her eyes as her mind whirled. Concocting a plan, she raised her voice.

"Well honey, I'll throw this in with the others. Just make sure you use a towel when you leave, we don't want to show Tanya anything do we?"

The door opened, then closed. Seconds passed.

A loud groan exploded out of me as I pulled my deflating cock out of Tanya's mouth. The busty redhead sat back on her heels as she swallowed the last of my semen.

"God your cum tastes so good Alex." she moaned, giving my now flaccid cock light kisses, hoping to make it hard again.

"Tanya please I'm not Superman. I'm gonna need a minute."

Tanya's eyes got that look in them again as she rose to her feet, dragging her large breasts up my entire body.

"Oh, I think we can get you up and running again real quick." she breathed in my ear as she ground herself against me. I groaned again as my cock weakly throbbed. Tanya somehow always knew how to make me hard way faster than I could on my own.

As we rubbed against each other, I grabbed both of Tanya's full ass-cheeks in his hands. My cock was slowly hardening again, and I was ready for the main event. Tanya could feel me growing, and it sent a shiver down her spine. She smiled and went for my trigger.

"Why bro, what are you doing? Grabbing your sister like that? That's incest!"

"Big talk from my sis who just swallowed my load while mom got my laundry."

"The only thing big here is you bro. God it's so hot in my hand..."

"Uuugh sis if you keep pulling like that, I might-"

"Uh-uh big bro. I've got plans for this big dick. I'm gonna ride you at the dinner table, right behind mom's back. You're gonna fill me up while she does the dishes, then we're gonna go to my room, and you're finally gonna stick it in my-"

Whatever Tanya was going to say was cut off by the shower curtain flying back, and there, eyes wide with shock, was mom. And there we were, my erect cock throbbing in Tanya's hand as I cupped her ass, naked, dripping wet.

Caught.