 Andrea didn't notice James until he was half way down the stairs. She was too absorbed watching Marky Mark in her favorite guilty pleasure: Shooter. As usual, her husband, a struggling science fiction writer was all wrapped up drafting his latest. With pen in hand and a, most likely forgotten, pencil stashed between his ear and head, he appeared to be going over notes on his yellow legal pad.

When he reached the bottom of the flight of stairs, he noticed his wife sitting on the couch. 

"Perfect" he thought to himself; there she was in her lazy weekend outfit: Alice in Wonderland pajama pants, fuzzy knee high rainbow toe socks, and an old Flaming Lips t-shirt. He often wondered how he was so lucky to wrestle her down. She had the most radiant red hair with the slightest blonde highlights, about shoulder length, and curled out at the ends. Her skin was as soft as a baby's and as pale as fresh snow with just a little sprinkling of freckles. Her complexion caused her hair and blue eyes to jump out at you with their contrast. He'd always loved her perky, youthful body. She certainly wasn't the most curvaceous girl, in fact, quite the opposite, which always bothered her in high school, but her flat, athletic, track star body suited him just fine. Long and lean.

On the other hand, all throughout high school, James' mom kept trying to shove more food down his throat because, according to her, he was "gaunt," but to no avail. In reality though, he was pretty normal and in fact filled out ever so slightly these last few years. A few years of marriage will do that to even the best.

"Hey Cutie, can you help me for a second?" asked James, with the slightest mischievous grin Andrea failed to pick up on. "I'm crafting the perfect story, and I need your input."

"Sure," said Andrea. She'd already finished her weekend chores and graded her students' papers—abysmal like usual. 

James began to explain, "In this story, my protagonist, the detective, has an android...err...office assistant—thing, and I need some help researching how he'd interact with her."

"An android? You mean like a robot?"

"Not exactly..." James corrected. "An android would look like a regular human on the outside, but would be nothing more than a computer with fancy programming."

"So how can you tell them apart from a human?" Andrea queried.

"Well, ya see, my story is set just slightly in the future, so they're able to make synthetic bodies, but they haven't mastered giving them artificial intelligence yet. The character wouldn't have the capacity to honestly feel or express emotion, just the imitation of a personality. That is where I'm having trouble: how would somebody treat their humanoid computer—like another human or like a laptop?" explained James.

"I guess I'm game," Andrea said, ready to leave behind mindless explosions for awhile. "What would I need to do?"

"Just role play a little, just like we did in drama class." 

That was where they met actually; James was always so nervous and self conscious around her back then, just like most boys get when they're next to their crush. But the play went great; they became acquaintances, then friends, and then boyfriend/girlfriend.

James knew if he was going to pull this off, he was going to have to be slow and steady with her.

"So, Honey...," flipping through his notes, "the first scene I have them in is when he unboxes her."

"Unboxes?" Andrea asked while raising an eyebrow.

"Yep. Remember, you just came from the factory, so we'll need to go through the unwrapping, careful examination, and initial boot-up stage, so I imagine that outfit won't do."

Willing to play along Andrea asked with a smile, "What do you want me to change into?"

"Nothing," he explained, matter of fact.

"Ya gotta be joking; you want me to strip naked right now?"

"Yeah; you're basically a robot, so you'd have no shame, you wouldn't feel uncomfortable about being naked—just like our computer over there. I need to know what he'd be thinking and feeling in such a situation. Be a good sport," he comfortingly instructed. "How am I going to become rich and famous if my books don't feel real and authentic?" 

She finally acquiesced and reluctantly dropped her bottoms, revealing her innocent, polka dot, cotton panties. She then kicked her PJs off with her cute sock covered feet. Next, she grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and slowly raised it over her head, exposing her adorable tummy and belly button, and...leaving her tits surprisingly revealed. James was startled by her sudden nakedness, expecting at least one more vestige of modesty before getting a glimpse of her naked form. She'd realized that morning, since they were just bumming around the house, there was no need to put on a bra; her breasts were small enough and firm enough.

"Is he authentically hoping to help his writing or is he pulling my leg?" Andrea wondered. Then since it was the only article left of her modesty, Andrea dropped her panties to the floor and stepped out of them. Unsure of where this was leading, Andrea awkwardly stood naked in front of her husband's meticulous stare, embarrassed, but intriguingly excited.

James motioned for her to lie on her back on their sofa.

"Oh good! My sex...err...I mean my SECretary...the synthetic kind...uh...has arrived," James managed with a silly smile. 

Andrea rolled her eye at his flub and waited for what was next.

"Was that a Freudian slip? He said--'sex'--right? But he said this was all to help understand the dynamic of his detective and secretary, and usually his books are more action, mystery based—not 'sex,'" she pondered.

Andrea noticed how he was trying to convincingly appear like she was really just a new tech purchase. Using his right hand, starting at her right foot, he ran up her leg, obviously beginning his inspection, pleasantly noticing how vanishingly smooth they were. With such a scrutinizing examination, Andrea was relieved a shower and shave were part of her relaxing morning.

His hands were ticklish as they brushed along her inner thigh; using her best self control she resisted the urge to squirm because an Android would be immune to such humanistic reactions. Eventually his hands made it to her private place; feeling along edge, his fingers ultimately spread her. James lingered, as if seeing her for the first time. He played with her lips, caressing each one between his fingers, noting their elasticity. Next, his finger probed just the surface of her sex in slow, gentle circles. He was careful to tease her before diving in. His languid pace and loving attention to detail made her feel beautiful and appreciated. He noted the Crayola pink color and the way his touch was causing it to glisten.

"This might be easier than I thought," considered James. As any logical man would, with a new acquisition, James tested her for tightness. His middle finger slowly penetrated her freshly lubricated canal while his thumb rested atop the hood of her clit. His deft maneuvering reminded Andrea of one of the reasons she loves him so much. Once inside, and as far in as his finger could reach, James slowly drew it back out while running the tip of his finger across the top of her inner wall. He then dipped two fingers in and was pleased to find them assuredly squeezed by her. Satisfied with her tautness, James decided to continue.

Andrea was surprised when James then brought his face right up to her exposed area. His thorough visual examination was followed by a longing inhalation—much like one would do with a rose. It's not that she's a prude; in fact, there was no one she'd rather be seen by. It's just, usually, the lights are a little dimmer, not pitch black, but usually strip club ambience. Here she was, the middle of the day, in the living room, with the lights on. She was a little embarrassed to be examined in such detail without the ability to cover or protest.

Without warning his tongue darted out and caressed all her favorite parts. She did taste divine: sweet, fresh, and innocent. Once he was satisfied (but long before she was), James straightened up and continued his inspection. Next were her breasts which, when she was on her back, settle basically to little Hobbit hills, they received the gentlest examination followed by a playful pinch and twist. This elicited the response James was hoping for. Her quarter sized areolas puffed up and their tips came to attention. It was ridiculous how pink and innocent her breasts were, so much so that James couldn't resist having a taste. First, he blew on them, just to tease her; then, his tongue circled each nipple as though it was an animal in the wild circling its prey. Going in for the kill, James caught her nipple between his teeth and applied just enough pressure to cause her to squirm. He repeated the same process with her other breast.

Suddenly, Andrea realized he was looking into her eyes, probably gauging if he'd gone too far yet. "What expression would an Android have after being handled in such a way," pondered Andrea. She concluded a complacent smile would be the most logical consumerist default expression. 

"Turn over," directed James.

Andrea, so entranced, dazed, and mesmerized by this strange experience automatically did. Once again, James started at her feet and progressed up her leg until reaching her first cheek. 

After messaging her buttocks, James spread her cheeks revealing what Andrea felt was her most personal space. Slowly, his finger circled her rose bud. 

"Had he learned to be gentle? Or will she have to remind him awkwardly?" Andrea thought.

James always felt a tinge of guilt when he received that response from his wife. He certainly didn't want to hurt her, don't be ridiculous. But at the same time, he'd always been intrigued by the female bottom. In fact, if James had to describe what kind of guy he was, he'd respond "Butt." There were two times James specifically remembered falling in love with butts and both times were in school with Andrea (before they were ever dating): 8th grade history, in front of him, with the slightest tip top of her crack and the beginnings of her red undies exposed due to her shirt slightly riding up and her pants slipping. Second was outside the art class window where he observed her applying spray glue to a project simultaneously revealing lavender shiny silky looking panties.

Continuing up her back, James gave a firm, but not painful, back rub. To signify the end of the massage, James slapped both of her cheeks, surprising Andrea and causing her to gasp. This was Andrea's first clue that maybe James was being caught up in the moment and falling out of character. 

Hunting around for a prop, James grabbed his yellow pad to pretend it's the boxed instructions. Out loud, presumably to himself, James read, "The instructions say there should be a button around one of the access points which should turn you on." After comically concluding with his finger her ears weren't such a port, he continued down to her ass. 

For a split second, his index finger pressed flatly against her sphincter, but just as quickly released, seemingly pleased to simply discover she was tight and not budging. Since she hadn't complained yet, James was beginning to realize she had bought into this "experiment."

Andrea took a quick breath as she wasn't sure what his next move was going to be. Then after some rustling, and an opening sound, she felt his finger return to her anus with a cold, moist, lubricating accompaniment. By then it was obvious to Andrea that this had all been a ruse for James to have his way with her, but she was pleasantly surprised by how alright she was with his deception. However, she might have been more apprehensive if she knew what was up next.

Once again, as if to himself, he notes "Ah look, an access point'" and begins to apply pressure. Now, like most amiable couples, they'd at least tried anal before, but never with much success and certainly never to mutual satisfaction. She thought of protesting, but if she was going to stay in character and really help her husband's writer block (and not be a cock block), she'd have to just roll with it as best she could.

Since he'd used a generous amount of lube, his finger slipped in. What surprised her next were his slow and gentle movements. Starting shallow and progressing deeper, James probed her. If he was pleased by the tightness of her pussy, he's bound to be pleased by the resistance her ass was giving. However, once Andrea realized he was going to pace himself, she began to relax, which made the examination all the easier. In fact, she began to really enjoy this forbidden sensation. She could handle one finger (in fact, the longer he continued the more she wondered if she could handle more). She didn't have to wait to find out as he boldly inserted a second. Discomfort began to pass as he slowly finger fucked her rear. Again, once he concluded her posterior was up to snuff, he moved on, presumably to keep up this charade of inspection rather than ulterior sexual motives. 

With all the stimulation she'd received that day, Andrea shouldn't have been surprised she'd become very wet by his loving considerate touches. However, Andrea thought to herself, "If your goal is to completely, ravishingly, turn me on, you better first hit my true 'on button.'"

"Hum," James exclaimed as if reading her mind, "There must be another access point."

He again commanded her to turn on her back. "Ah, let me check your other access point." 

His deft touch knew exactly where to hit her. First, he teased along her belly button towards the prize down below. On his way down, he didn't fail to outline her clit, before diving one, and then two, fingers into her, with his thumb passionately resting on her "button."

"I guess that's what five years of marriage affords you," Andrea thought as she rapidly became gushy. Wanting to reward him for his creative seduction efforts, she snapped back into character. "Booting up" she said while trying to keep a straight face when considering that phrase and this situation.

"Hello. Unit Andrea ready to serve," she encouragingly stated, while concealing a smile, "running self diagnostic." Her hand drifted down to her snatch to pleasure herself. James couldn't help but smile as he was witness to his own personal show. She was so damned horny by this point, what with all the poking and prodding, but never being brought to climax. Her left hand was running circles atop her clit and her right hand was diving one, then two, and then three fingers inside.

"Damn," James thought to himself, "I've hit the jack pot."

Unable to stop, needing release, Andrea worked her way up to her first shuddering orgasm. 

Once she was good and ready Andrea ensured eye contact before bringing her glistening fingers up to her mouth, sucking them clean, cocking an eyebrow in analysis and saying, "Diagnostic complete; all systems up and running. What can I do for you?"

Tickled pink with the success of his scheme, James gleefully and without missing a beat, said, "My dick needs hardening; undress me, and place it in your mouth."

Usually James is much meeker regarding such sexual treats; however, Andrea was entranced by his forwardness. He probably assumed he could get away with it since she appeared to be playing along. She regained the enthusiasm of the shy but madly in love college girl he lost his virginity with as her mouth engulfed him. Her lips formed a tight seal around his shaft, and her tongue kept running along the bottom of his hard on. 

"She hasn't lost her skill," reminisced James. Drunk with satisfaction, James knew he wouldn't last long if she kept giving it her all. To save them from an early finish, James redirected her, "Get on your hands and knees and turn around." 

She did, so he was now able get behind her on the couch and rest the bottom of his dick on the top of her crack. James always wondered if she knew the bottom of his penis, right before its head, was his most sexually sensitive place. He loved placing his penis along the crevice of her butt and humping as she moaned from his strong hands massaging the knots in her neck and back. If he used his imagination, he could pretend he was pounding away at her ass as she moaned in pleasure and pain.

If only James knew Andrea also enjoyed the feeling of his shaft pressing against her little crinkled brown hole. It made her feel submissive—under his strong protective control. Not that she'd ever admit it, but she secretly wished James would one day just overpower her and take her ass. She'd pretend to resist, but would secretly enjoy the helplessness.

He was ready to get in there, so he ran his dick down through her crack until he reached the opening to her pussy. She was damn near dripping on the couch by this point, so his engorged piece slipped right in. Either she was extra tight or he was extra big because the feeling was extra intense. As if sensing the change, he kept the pace slow, but sure. Before long, she relaxed and he was able to slide up to the hilt. He loved to tease her by keeping it slow—he was able to last longer, and he loved driving her crazy with frustration and anticipation. 

Her still lubed ass was left up in the air, ripe for the probing. Staying as deep as he could in her pussy, using his thumb, he thrust into her without warning or consideration. "Ugh..." moaned Andrea from the unexpected intrusion. Having both holes filled was a new sensation for her, but one she found kinky, dirty, and wild. To keep the stimulation going, Andrea began to push herself back and forth while impaled on James's cock and thumb.

Her aggression and passion was driving James ever closer to the point of no return, so he steadied her with his hands on her hips and then agonizingly he drew almost his full length out (leaving just the head buried) and then plunged back in without warning. James continued plunging his prick in as far as it would go, feeling her extra tight undiscovered country. As he worked his way back out, James carefully ran his cock's head against her g-spot. "Pop" went their connection as James let his cock completely slip out. Using the head and shaft, James rubbed against her opening and clit.

"Oh, put it back in Babe," begged Andrea, noting how empty she felt without him inside her—not to mention her dying need for a second release! 

"I'll show her who's in charge," thought James, as he guided just the tip in and out repeatedly, savoring the ring of pressure it caused on the head of his rod. Finally, taking matters into her own hands (literally), Andrea reached behind, took hold, and guided James back in, filling her void. They fucked until Andrea's legs began to quake from the pleasure and James slapped her ass (their unspoken code for "flip over"). Andrea flipped on her back and they continued. She writhed on the couch, tossing her head back and forth as she felt her 'gasm building, but never quite reaching it. Sloppy, slurpy noises and unison moans filled their living room. 

The combination of vaginal stimulation and her fingers furiously rubbing her clit caused Andrea to crest over into the deepest orgasm she could remember. James was so focused on pleasing Andrea that he was caught off guard by what felt like wet squirts hitting his abdomen. He looked down just in time to catch Andrea squirt twice more. This rare sight sent him over the edge causing him to empty into her. Simultaneously, he felt her contract around his member with each wave of her climax. Andrea could feel his spasming streams. With the force of each jet, she could feel a splash reaching the top of her womb completely coating her insides. They both collapsed on to the couch, completely content and relieved. While getting up, Andrea noticed his legal pad and wondered just how he'll portray the interactions of his detective and his sex...err...SECretary.