 Chapter 4 

We gathered at London Oxford Airport the following morning ... 

I'm sorry I have to break in to the narrative here ... 

LONDON Oxford Airport! 

How ridiculous is that ... Oxford is more than 60 miles from London with appalling road and rail connections that will take you at least 2 hours to get to the centre of the capital. The airport owners felt they would pick up business if they renamed it and on that basis I expect to see London Birmingham Airport or London Manchester Airport anytime soon as it easier to get to the centre of London from both those places which are more than 100 miles away. 

Anyway ... rant over ... Oxford Airport is a good location for corporate jets and it is there that the WHG Gulfstream G500 is based mainly because Sir Maurice owns a sprawling estate in the Cotswolds and the WHG head office is based in Chipping Norton only a few miles away. 

I hate to be late for flights even if the security is more relaxed when you are flying privately and there are no queues and the flight wasn't going to go without me so I was the first to arrive. Given the time to think I was pondering a number of pressing matters the first of which was ... why was I here? 

Who in their right mind goes on a business trip in the middle of the most contentious divorce since ... whenever? 

I was! 

I did it as much to get away from the stress of the constant sniping from my soon-to-be-ex-wife and the 'ker-ching' sound every time my solicitor so much as glanced at the bulging case folder on her desk, but the real reason was that as COO of World Hotel Group I needed to be there at that time. 

COO ... Chief Operating Officer ... such an important sounding title don't you think? To me the acronym should be CSS ... Chief Shit Shoveller ... and I'd been doing it for 3 years with the expectation of becoming a CEO sometime soon although probably not at WHG. Yes, I was a good Shit Shoveller, the best and youngest in the business as, at 37 years of age, my career trajectory had been meteoric once the market place realised how good at shit shovelling I really was. That trajectory had currently led me to be shovelling for WHG, a multi-billion dollar company, but it could have been for any other of the major international billion dollar chains of hospitality organisations who had been trying to head-hunt me for the last few years. 

The main task of the CSS ... sorry ... COO is to make the Chairman or CEO look good without them needing to get their hands dirty and certainly not to pick up a shovel. Despite the lofty title I was not a member of the WHG board which was made up mostly of non-executive directors, who represented (ha ha!) the institutional shareholders or the family, and Sir Maurice as Executive Chairman and Simon Wardhaugh, the Finance Director. The latter two also headed up the Management Committee, which I served on, and it was this forum where the real work on running the business was done. 

Unfortunately I had never found anyone capable of doing the same for me ... someone I could trust to make me look good and, by extension in the case of WHG, the Executive Chairman. That is, until Marisa came along and looked like the real deal for the future. She wasn't ready for promotion yet and certainly not if she kept pissing me off like she was but she could shovel with the best of them. 

There was no escaping that there was a big pile of shit to be shovelled in Barbados, not just from the acquisition process but the post-acquisition integration which would be headed up by ... yes, you guessed it ... me! 

I was also pondering the conversation with Dawn from the previous evening about how to improve things with the lovely Marisa as she arrived with Hugo Whittaker. 

WTF! 

The Honourable Hugo Whittaker is General Counsel and Company Secretary for WHG and an all-round chinless dickhead. 

I have a high regard for Sir Maurice's skills in choosing the right people to work for him ... after all, he chose me ... but the only reason that I could see that Hugo was employed was that he was Caroline's younger brother ...whoever said 'nepotism runs in the family' got it spot on in this case because he was a useless, lecherous wanker. 

You can tell I have a lot of respect for him. 

First question: what was Marisa doing with Hugo? 

She seemed to be in high spirits as she and Hugo laughed about something together as they sat down next to each other on the other side of the VIP lounge with only a nod in my direction. 

I felt a sudden twinge of irrational jealousy and annoyance. 

You can be cool to me all you like but don't ignore me. 

I got up and walked over to them as they were still giggling and Marisa seemed to be captivated by Hugo's every word. 

The twinge of jealousy got bigger. 

"Morning you two ... you both seem to be full of the joys of spring." 

They looked up and Hugo had a shit-eating grin on his face but Marisa gave a tight smile. 

"Yes Paul, I was just telling Marisa about some of the great places on Barbados and she made me promise to take her to Mullins' overlooking the beach so we can eat wonderful fish and watch the sunset together. Not that it will be any hardship with such beautiful company." 

With that he picked up her hand and kissed the back of it. 

Puhleease ... God give me the strength not to throw up on the spot! 

A strange look passed over Marisa's face ... it looked like she was going to throw up too ... before it was replaced by a pleased smile before she gazed up at me with a look that challenged me to disagree. 

"Yes, Hugo thinks there will be plenty of spare time to enjoy ourselves and has suggested a snorkelling trip ..." 

She looked back at Hugo before resting a hand on his arm in a very familiar gesture and made goo-goo eyes at him. 

"... but then he did say that was because he wanted to see me in a bikini and he couldn't care less about the fish." 

They giggled like teenagers. 

I was gob-smacked. 

What the fuck was going on? 

As far as I knew she and Hugo, who was 20 years older than her, had very little to do with each other previously and also that she thought no more highly of him than anyone else in the office. Now she was letting him fawn over her like he was the best thing that had ever happened to her. He, being the aging lothario that he is, wasn't going to turn away a gorgeous girl coming on to him like that. 

The twinge had turned into an ache. 

I felt I had to dampen their enthusiasm and tried to put a firm but pleasant smile on my face when all I really wanted to do was scowl. 

"Sorry guys ... sunset meals maybe ... but snorkelling trips during the day ... I'm not sure there will be time for that unless we crack the problem of The Benedict Bay Hotel very quickly. Even then I'm sure Sir Maurice will want some of us back in the UK, pronto." 

I saw a relieved look pass over Marisa's face before she glanced at Hugo who almost pouted and she followed suit as Hugo started to argue. 

"Oh ... come on ... all work and no play etc. I'm sure we can find the time for some relaxation at the end of the process ... the sight of Marisa in a bikini will do my morale the world of good. In fact she should put it on every morning to get our spirits up ..." 

A definite look of horror passed over Marisa's face before the 'happy' mask was slipped back on. 

I couldn't work out what game she was playing but felt it time to go into corporate mode. 

"Hugo, I think you should apologise for that comment as Marisa is not here simply to act as eye candy for you ... or anyone. She is an extremely competent member of the team and I will not have you or anyone making inappropriate comments about her just because she is a beautiful ... err ... just because she is a woman." 

I blushed as I realised my own mistake and I heard a choked-off giggle from Marisa and could see in my peripheral vision that she was struggling to keep her face neutral. 

I needed to sort this quickly. 

"Hugo, could we have a word in private please." 

Hugo reluctantly got up and followed me across to the either side of the room. 

I got in his face very quickly but quietly so as not to draw attention to us. 

"Are you out of your fucking mind? You are a main board director and you have just given her every opportunity to go for a sexual harassment claim against the company. You are a fucking lawyer for Christ's sake ..." 

He had looked sullenly at me but suddenly got very aggressive and started jabbing his finger into my chest. 

"Oh shut your face Mr. Goody Two-Shoes. It was 'bantz' as the kids call it, we were just having fun." 

"It may be 'banter' now but what happens in a week's time when she has had time to think about it or you have pissed her off in some way ... like getting too grabby at your sunset dinner ... and don't say that won't happen as we have had to bail your arse out before now. She's an American ... they go to litigation at the drop of a hat. Go over there and apologize ... now!" 

Instead of looking contrite he sneered at me, louder now as though he wanted the room to hear. 

"You think you are some sort of hotshot don't you. Just because Sir Maurice thinks the sun shines from your backside doesn't mean we all share that view. Don't forget that Caroline and I hold 30% of the company between us and it wouldn't take too many of the big institutional shareholders getting pissed off if profits and the share price fall. Some of them are already upset by the fact that good old Maurice won't relinquish the Executive Chairman title and hand over to a CEO so what would happen to his protégée if he got the boot?" 

How had we suddenly got on to this conversation? 

Was there something playing out in the boardroom that I was not privy to? The perennial problem of a family business with part of the capital on public listing is that unless the family is united all kinds of shit can happen. Why would Caroline conspire with Hugo against her husband who, after all, was the driving force behind the company? It may have been the family money that funded the expansion but without Maurice there would be no WHG and their money would not have multiplied in the way it had. Truth be told the share price had slipped recently as the market felt we were over-reaching ourselves with the latest acquisition target. The fact that it wasn't going to plan appeared to have been leaked which added to the uncertainty. 

I shook my head to clear these thoughts away as it was a distraction to the current problem and glanced away to see Marisa staring intently at me. I was getting angry now and was tempted to start jabbing my finger back at him but managed to rein in my temper. 

"If and when that time comes Hugo I will be well rid of this company and get myself a gig with one of our competitors so don't think that I'm so in need of this job that I'm going to start turning a blind eye to your indiscretions. How do you think some of those investors are going to react if the business is constantly tied up in legal matters as a result of you not being able to keep it in your trousers? Now I suggest you go over there and apologize and stop making inappropriate comments to Marisa, or any other woman for that matter." 

This seemed to deflate both him and the argument and although he tried to outstare me for a while longer he eventually dropped his gaze and walked back to where Marisa was seated. She looked past him and gave me a long appraising look as though seeing me for the first time. I followed him over and heard the end of his apology. 

"... dreadfully sorry Marisa for my inappropriate comments. I hope they have not caused any offence." 

Marisa glanced quickly at me and then back to Hugo. 

"Thank you for the apology but I took no offence Hugo as its very flattering of you to think that. We will definitely do the sunset meal at Mullins ... it sounds awesome." 

WTF ...no offence ... flattering ...awesome! 

My jaw was scraping the floor after that and I saw a smirk on Marisa's face as she noticed my surprise. There was an even bigger one on Hugo's face as he looked at me with an 'up yours pal' expression. 

I had a childish desire to have the last word although it sounded trite and petty in my own head. 

"Well I'm glad we can all have a good working relationship." 

I needed to get out of there and headed to the door just as Sir Maurice arrived. 

"Morning Paul, you look like you want to punch someone's lights out. My daughter still giving you a hard time?" 

I stopped short of saying something I would later regret and gave some waffly answer before leaving the room. I sat in a corridor by myself for a few minutes and would dearly have loved to light up a Gauloises, my weed of choice before I quit over 10 years ago, but current legislation on smoking in public places would have done for me even if I had one on my person. 

Bummer! 

I had two big themes to the questions in my head. 

What game was Marisa playing and what was going on at between Caroline and Sir Maurice? 

However, cogitating on those two would have to wait as I had to sort some stuff out for my solicitor regarding the divorce and settled down to compose an email. 

Chapter 5 

Marisa was worried as she sat in the lounge waiting to be called for the plane. 

She had already had enough of Hugo's leering eyes and her skin crawled every time he touched her or she forced herself to touch him and the idea of going snorkelling him filled her with horror. In fact the idea of spending any time in his company was abhorrent. 

It was all Dawn's fault! 

Dawn had rung her the previous evening with a suggestion as to how she could improve her working relationship with Paul. 

Play the female card! 

At first Marisa had been resolutely against it as all the way through school, college and now employment, she had set out to get by as an equal with her male colleagues and superiors and NOT resort to fluttering her eyelashes and using sex as a weapon. 

She could still hear Dawn now. 

"Look sweetie, that is a bit naïve ...oops ... sorry to use that word again ... but they play the male card all the time even Paul who I think of as one of the better guys to work with. They are loud, aggressive, macho, domineering and ... this is the kicker ... they have most of the positions of power. There are very few women CEO's around the world in the big companies and, even in WHG which is supposed to have an enlightened diversity agenda according to Caroline, there are very few females as country or regional directors. They play by the rules they have created and which very few women have ever had the chance to modify. So, if they are playing the 'male' card, we ... you ... can play the 'female' card." 

Marisa could see some logic in that argument. When she had joined WHG she thought that with her talent, energy and drive that she would rise and rise effortlessly up through the glass ceiling and have the world at her feet within months and years. Now she was not so sure and with Paul's antipathy towards her (she was still not convinced that Dawn was right in her assessment of what Paul thought about her) she worried about making no progress whatsoever. 

"So, you think it is time that a strong willed, strong minded, talented black girl started to wiggle her butt and smile cutely to get traction with these alpha males." 

Dawn had laughed. 

"No ... I think it is time for a beautiful, strong willed, strong minded, VERY talented black girl to knock their socks off. However, don't go overboard immediately. Paul commented tonight that you don't use your femininity and that it is one of things that sets you apart from other SA's we have had here. The 'blonde dimbos' as he called them were forever trying to flirt and charm him. It never worked, but that was before 'The Bitch' dumped on him from a great height so who knows what a talented black girl with loads of sex appeal could achieve. As they say ... be gentle with him or he may smell a rat but having said that ... he may relish the attention ... who knows." 

The last statement was said in a teasing voice from which Marisa could tell there was something else behind the words but Dawn definitely wasn't letting on. 

"So what you are saying is come on to him but in a subtle way." 

Dawn exploded with laughter. 

"No, no ... quite the opposite, lets set you up with a ... 'McGuffin' ... I believe it is called in the movies ... to distract him. You pretend to come on to someone else to get the jealousy juices flowing and when he is off balance from that ... you change your focus to him. He won't know what's hit him." 

"I think you mean a stalking horse or maybe a red herring but lets' not get into semantics. How do you know he will get jealous? That presupposes he has a physical interest in me already." 

Dawn paused for a moment before gently continuing. 

"Would it upset you if he did have a physical interest in you?" 

"Err ... I guess not. He's an interesting guy and is very good at his job. Not bad looking and quite fit without being gross like a bodybuilder. He hasn't exactly let me near him to really find out what he's like as a person" 

"Don't you think the position of power makes him sexy?" 

Marisa thought about. 

"Not especially ... on that basis Sir Maurice would be extremely sexy and that ... euuuh ... is just so gross I think I just upchucked in my mouth!" 

There was a pause and a sigh from Dawn and a light went on in Marisa's head. 

"O... M ... G ... you have the hots for Sir Maurice. What ... he has to be well over 70 and you're not even 50 yet." 

Dawn gave a tight laugh. 

"Take it from a harridan, girl. When you get to my age 'sexiness' comes in different guises and it isn't all about rippling torso's and cocks the size of a horse. Other factors come into play when you no longer see the man as a potential father of your children. But in your case you can get the allure of the power and male potency in one package with Paul ... as well as a guy you can actually like on so many levels. Anyway this is about improving your working relationship not getting you pregnant!" 

They had both laughed at that but Marisa wasn't so sure Dawn had meant it. 

She wasn't finding anything very funny as she waited for the plane. Sir Maurice had asked Hugo to join him and they were now engrossed in a conversation so it gave her an opportunity to slip away from the greasy creep. Dawn's suggestion to have him give her a lift to the airport seemed like a good idea at the time but the 20 minute ride was so full of innuendo and double entendres she was ready to slap him. It got worse when his hand did the 'falling off the gear lever trick' onto her thigh ... how corny can you get ... the car didn't even have a gear stick! 

Fortunately she managed to paste on the 'you are so wonderful' smile just as they got into the lounge and she saw Paul's eyes open wide in shock and ... yes ... jealousy! Unfortunately she did not have time to immediately consider the implications as she still had to do was get through the next few minutes without punching Hugo ... although the bikini comment nearly got him a kick in the balls. 

Now the episode was over she could start to think more clearly. Yes, she had been surprised by Paul's response from the initial shock and jealousy as she wasn't sure Dawn had got the potential physical attraction correct. She had watched Paul's reactions and he was definitely off balance with her behaviour especially the blush that appeared when he had used the word 'beautiful' by mistake. She thought it had been cute but then the controlled and forceful way in which he dealt with Hugo as she watched from across the room was actually kind of ... hot! A little tingle went through her as she wondered whether he would be that forceful in bed. 
