 Marisa sat in the toilet stall totally confused with herself.

How had her genuine anger evaporated so quickly? One moment she had wanted to slap him for being so presumptuous as to offer her advice about Hugo, even if the advice was sound, and the next second she was feeling warm and comfortable stood so close to him. In fact if he had put his arms around her at that point she would have hugged him back. Was it the adorable lost-boy look as he grappled with her deliberately provocative behaviour or the empathy she felt emanate from him when she spoke about her family?

Whatever had happened to her it was obvious something had changed for him too. It was probably the first time he had joked with her about anything and she liked the vibe of their silly conversation. If that was what he was like when feeling playful then she wouldn't be averse to more time in his company.

One thing was sure, Dawn had been right, he was physically attracted to her as she had felt his searing gaze on her as she walked down the corridor and his blush when she caught him doing it was priceless. What she couldn't decide was what her own feelings were. Whilst she liked the prospect of a better working relationship was she ready to take it beyond the workplace?

Of more immediate interest was the question of what she did next? Did she continue the tease by flaunting Hugo at him or did she try to build on the seismic shift between the two of them? Perhaps she would wait to see how Paul responded.

That question was unresolved as she returned to the lounge to see the three men gathering their bags and laptops as a very pretty redheaded girl led the way to the gate. Marisa noted that she amply filled her smart uniform and immediately felt intimidated by the girl as she always had in similar circumstances ever since puberty had struck. She wasn't flat chested by any means but her B cups left her insecure when in the presence of the large breasts of the flight attendant or any white girl for that matter.

The girl looked up as Marisa entered and smiled warmly.

"Hi, you must be Marisa, I'm India and will be looking after you today. It will be nice to have some female company for a change. The boys can be a bit demanding at times especially on returns from successful trips when the alcohol consumption can get out of hand. Not lovely Paul of course he's always a gentleman, although I wouldn't mind if he got a hit 'grabby' like the others do. Maybe he'll notice me more once the divorce is through."

Marisa was astonished that this girl who she had only just met was being as open as she was. She was obviously another of an ever increasing list of women who knew Paul and wanted to be the next into his bed. Marisa felt two emotions: the first of which was along the lines of 'how dare they treat him like a sex object' as that was no different to the objectification of women by men and the second of which was a frisson of jealousy!

India showed her onto the aircraft and she tried to work out where to sit. There was a space besides Paul and he smiled as she approached and moved his laptop off the seat to accommodate her. However, just as she was about to sit down Sir Maurice called her to join him and Hugo at the table at the rear of the cabin. She thought she could see a look of disappointment on Paul's face.

She chose to sit next to Sir Maurice looking forward as the alternative was next to Hugo and she wanted to keep as far away from him. However, when Paul turned to look back at the three of them she made sure she was behaving as before with the loathsome creep.

She noticed that India had made a beeline for Paul and was bending forward in front of him as she helped him adjust his seat belt as though he was a 5-year old! As the buxom flight attendant stood up Marisa noticed that the top 2 buttons on her blouse had become undone since Marisa had met her and the lace edge of her bra was visible. India was certainly trying to tempt Paul as he would have been presented with the yawning chasm of her cleavage as she bent over.

Marisa was pissed at the nerve of the girl! Why couldn't she leave the poor man alone ... he's not interested in you ... he's interested in ... err ... me? The frisson of jealousy from earlier expanded and mixed with a sense of ownership which puzzled her as she knew she had no claim on him either.

These thoughts were swept away by Sir Maurice giving her a list of things to check on her laptop which kept her occupied until well after takeoff. When she looked up again she noticed Paul standing at the front of the cabin talking animatedly to India as she served him a drink from the small bar area. Hugo and Sir Maurice were still engrossed in the minutiae of the takeover deal so she excused herself to get a drink. As she approached from behind Paul she could hear the thrust of the conversation before they noticed her presence.

" ... don't think I'm ready to leap straight back into the dating game just yet but thanks for the advice even if I'm not sure that speed dating would be the first avenue I would try. Did it work for you?"

"Oh yes but I haven't met Mr. Right from it yet. Oh hi Marisa can I get you a drink?"

"Thanks India I'll have a gin and tonic without the gin on the rocks please."

India did a double take between Marisa and Paul and looked questioningly at the pair of them. Paul looked amused and smiled coyly as India responded.

"Are you two drinking buddies or something?"

Marisa was confused and her face betrayed it.

"No, why do you ask?"

"Because you both ordered the same thing in the same way. That's just weird!"

Paul and Marisa looked at each other and grinned before Paul interjected.

"Great minds thinking alike maybe?"

Marisa nodded but then shook her head to disagree.

"Or two people who really want a gin and tonic but are too scared to be seen drinking by the boss."

Paul chuckled.

"No need to worry about that, our esteemed leader will be through the best part of a bottle of Bushmills 20 year-old malt by the time we finish the flight. Go ahead Marisa if you want a gin in there."

She shook her head.

"I don't have a great tolerance for alcohol so wouldn't want to make a fool of myself."

Paul grinned at her.

"You will be a cheap date then."

She looked up at him and smiled mischievously and surprised herself by her next utterance.

"Why Mr. Cook are you taking me on a date?"

Paul was unprepared for the question and spluttered into his drink and coughed. He met her twinkling gaze and blushed.

Marisa giggled at his discomfort but India tutted and came round the bar with a towel to wipe the liquid of his shirt which seemed to involve far more personal contact than would normally be expected. She gave Marisa a disapproving look over her shoulder.

"Paul has just said he's not ready to rush back into dating yet."

Marisa looked at him and could see that he was uncomfortable with the way the conversation was going. She decided to rescue him.

"Thanks for the drink India but I need to drag Paul away."

The redhead pouted but Paul nodded with a grateful glance at Marisa.

"Yes, the takeover won't happen by itself."

Chapter 8

I had taken the opportunity to reflect on my confusion of thoughts during the take-off and early part of the flight although India's magnificent cleavage had almost got me cogitating in a different way! Unfortunately for her I'm not really a fan of big boobs and it wasn't the first time she had tried that trick on me but I can't fault her for effort!

My first thoughts had been about what Marisa was up to. We had seemed to develop a new, more relaxed and intimate dynamic out in the corridor and I sensed she was equally disappointed when she had been called away to sit with the boss and Hugo. It would have been an opportunity to talk some more and get to know each other but when I glanced back I could see that she was back to playing to the gallery with the flirting and goo-goo eyes. However, as I had noticed earlier, some of her other expressions gave a lie to it. She was obviously uncomfortable with some of what Hugo was doing and saying but felt it necessary to carry on with the charade. Was she trying to get under my skin and make me jealous? If she was then she was succeeding as, despite myself, I had definitely felt that emotion.

The only question was ... why was she doing it?

I didn't think that she was aware of my attraction to her although being caught staring at her wonderful arse was a bit of a give away. I hoped she wasn't offended as that way led to possible sexual harassment claims if she felt threatened. She had not previously shown a physical interest in me ... well, not that I noticed ... but then I had been a bit pre-occupied of late. I had mentioned to Dawn the previous evening that Marisa was not using her beauty and femininity to get her own way so why would she start now?

I pondered for a bit longer but then gave up on that theme and moved to the other burning question.

Spineless Hugo would not be mouthing off like he had in the lounge unless there was at least some semblance of truth to it. He didn't have the intellect or the imagination to start making those sort of generalised threats. There had to be something in the background that prompted that outburst.

Whilst I had pretended that I was totally unfazed by the prospect of Sir Maurice and me getting the elbow, I was worried for my boss and soon-to-be ex-father-in-law. It would kill him to be ousted from his own company and by his wife to boot.

I knew from first hand experience that all was not well in Caroline's marriage but whether that would prompt her to oust her husband from the top job I was not sure. However, there was a definite possibility she was getting back at me through him for what happened at the Christmas party and after.

Chapter 9

4 months earlier

The Christmas party was held in mid-January ... yes, I know that's bizarre but we're in the hospitality trade and can ill afford to let our hotel based staff get shit-faced and not make it into work the following morning in the run up to Christmas. To ensure solidarity the head office staff also have their party in January ... it doesn't have the same vibe as a pre-Christmas event but that doesn't seem to affect the consumption of free booze and the monumental hangovers the following day.

I think I can say, without exception, that the senior management team would rather be somewhere else as the forced conviviality with colleagues of different ages, backgrounds and hierarchical position is always painful.

"Yes ... Lady Caroline my recipe for Bakewell Tart is to add a pinch of arsenic into the final Frangipani mix and that way I know Bert will be gone by next Christmas ... only joking!"

"What? You have never been to see Lechlade Rovers, Sir Maurice. I'll bring you a ticket for the next home match against Didcot. We can have a pint in the Chequers beforehand."

"Downton Abbey is filmed in Bampton you know Hugo ... you would fit right in as an extra and all you have to do is get made up to look like a drunkard from 1890's ... oh ... you already do ...Ha ha!"

No, it's not snobbery, well not on my part as I was brought up in a lower middle class household similar to many of the staff, it is just a case of trying to mix oil and water. I think the feeling is mutual as the way that two sides gravitate towards their own kind after the formal sit-down meal speaks volumes.

This year was no different in that respect but lots of other things were.

The normal course of events on the previous occasions that I had attended was for Sir Maurice to process around the room at the start of the evening to introduce his new Special Assistant to the rest of the staff. It would be the first occasion that she (it was always a 'she') would meet anyone else in the company apart from the man himself and Caroline who also took part in the recruitment process. This daunting baptism of fire at a social function was to show how the person would cope under pressure. Apparently at least one girl over the 25 odd years of Special Assistants had not been seen again after failing her 'audition'.

However, this year, for whatever reason, the girl's arrival was delayed and, much to Caroline's annoyance her husband had gone in person to collect her from Heathrow.

Secondly, I was there on my own and not accompanied by wife.

At a New Year Party, two weeks previously, I had finally found out (what I had long suspected) that my wife Sarah, daughter of Sir Maurice, had been taking lessons in extra-marital fucking from her Life Coach and Personal Trainer (as described on his business card).

I had been suspicious over the previous weeks as she was showing many of the obvious signs from the 'How To Tell If Your Partner Is Cheating' handbook:

- Going out with 'friends' without me ... Check

- Changing her appearance ... Check

- No sex for extended periods ... Check

When I asked why things were different between us she became defensive and put it down to her new philosophy generated by her Life Coach who she had been seeing (professionally ... LOL) for a few months.

Another sign is that the 'third party' showed up regularly, in surprising places, when we did go out. After meeting him 'by accident' on a few occasions I started to wise up to it, so, one evening, I told her that we were dining at a particular restaurant and went somewhere else instead saying I had made a mistake. She looked really pissed off even though we were at her favourite restaurant and quickly went off to the toilet. Guess who turned up half an hour later?

So, when he showed up at the same New Year Party she greeted him like she hadn't known he was coming and with far more invasion of his personal space than might be deemed seemly. It was no surprise therefore when she later announced that she had an upset stomach and needed to go the loo.

I followed discretely and saw them enter the Disabled bathroom together and decided to catch them with their knickers down ... in the literal sense.

I called the hotel front desk to tell them that someone was trapped inside the bathroom. One use of a pass key later, some embarrassment all round and then a lot of scrambling to get dressed and I was waiting for them with my trusty smart-phone camera as they exited together.

Cue screams of outrage (from her), lots of denigration of my manhood (by her) and a pathetic attempt to hit me (by him).

I told her that I was going home and suggested she come round the following day, when I would be out, to collect some stuff for the next few days ... weeks ... months ... but I really didn't give a fuck what she did from then on.

The rest as they say ... is history.

Only it isn't.

Life Coach lasted about a month after that. It seemed he had a wife who he preferred to Sarah (and said wife was stupid enough to want to keep him) and the separation process, which had been reasonably amicable to that point, suddenly got very messy when I did not make the same gesture. It would appear that Hell hath no fury even though the woman did the scorning in the first place.

Sorry for the digression as you probably don't want to hear about the sorry mess of my private life which was about to get a whole lot messier.

So; no Sarah and no Sir Maurice and probably the most important difference ...well to me and all the other straight males and gay women in the room was that Caroline was dressed to kill, looking absolutely stunning in a halter-necked, silver and black cocktail dress which ended somewhere just below the top of her thighs. The back was scooped so low that the dimples at the top of her buttocks were visible with no sign of a G string.

OK, I've exaggerated the lack of material in the dress but it was such a departure from normal (as she usually goes to such functions in long evening gowns) that most of the people in the room who knew her were going ... WTF?

Even those who don't use such language

What was going on?

A few words about Caroline.

Regal.

Blonde.

Tall

Beautiful

Landed Aristocracy (with money ... no mean feat these days)

As the daughter of an Earl she would have been a prime candidate for the unfortunate role that Lady Di had in British lives and hearts. Fortunately she missed out on getting married to a complete prick and an untimely death by being born 10 years too late but was still one of the earlier Sloane Ranger models. I prefer the French expression 'Bon Chic, Bon Genre' but, however you say it, you cannot deny her breeding and her beauty.

She was Maurice's first Special Assistant and for some inexplicable reason (LOL) he ditched his first wife and married this goddess.

For some inexplicable reason she agreed.

I have known her for 11 years since I first met Sarah but have only really got to know her in the last 3 years after I joined WHG. We have developed a familiar, chatty almost flirty relationship but only when our respective spouses are not around as Sarah once complained that I was paying more attention to her step-mother than was necessary. Her exact words were:

"What do you find to talk about to the old bat?"

Well the short answer was 'everything and nothing' ... we just enjoyed each other's company but I had never thought about her in a sexual way before. I knew she was beautiful and looked fantastic for her age especially in a tiny bikini round the pools at the holiday homes in the Algarve or Barbados but she never intruded into my fantasies. Personally, I doubt that many men think that way about their mother-in-law.

However, in the mood I'm in after the split from Sarah and the dress she is wearing ... who knows?

I have digressed again.

The WHG party continued .......

The meal is over and Caroline and I are sitting on stools at a secluded end of the bar. I'm in a mellow mood caused by the best part of a bottle of Mendoza Malbec. Caroline is feeling no pain either judging by the way she keeps knocking back the G&T's. However, she is subdued and I think that she could get maudlin if she keeps on at this pace. Nobody likes a miserable drunk at a party even if she is the boss's wife and a major shareholder. She leans across towards me and wobbles a bit on her stool. I definitely need to make this her last drink.

"Paul ... you are a lovely man and if you were my real son I would be very proud of what you have accomplished but can I give you a bit of advice ... you need to get away from WHG ... Maurice will ... err ... bleed you dry if you stay longer ... just like he bleeds everyone dry who is close to him."

I'm puzzled by this statement and surprised that Caroline should speak openly like that.

"Are you OK Caroline ... is everything all right between you and Maurice?"

She looks at me with slightly unfocussed eyes and her words were slurring a bit but the vehemence is there.

"No! I'm not all right. The bastard ... he's fucked it this time ..."

I think I need to divert her away from whatever is bothering her as we could easily be overheard and gently reach out to rest my hand on her arm and her eyes look down at the touch and then up to my eyes. I can see tears staring to well up.

"Maybe you and I should talk about it in the morning, somewhere more private perhaps?"

She nods at me and rests her other hand on top of mine and gives it a squeeze.

"Thanks Paul. I don't know what I would have done this evening without you."

I smile back and try to lighten the mood.

"Would you like to dance?"

"Dance? With the choice of music from this DJ ... he's so bad he would play 'I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For' by U2 as the first song at a wedding reception."

We both laugh as she wasn't wrong about the music but I felt I needed to get her spirits up. Her eyes betray a hint of sorrow.
