 My wife and I (Allison and Zeb) recently crashed my wife’s best friend – Renee’s -- Christmas party. Although Renee is Allison’s best friend, we get along really well. The fact that Renee is totally HOT is a great bonus! It was a typical company party with bad music, bad food, and lots of booze. As the night went on, we'd all had more to drink than I could ever hope to remember. Jeff, Renee's husband was probably the most loaded, and had begun telling a story about a co-worker. Distracted by his storytelling, Jeff lost track of Renee. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She'd gone out into the hall and walked down to the lounge where I could see her standing with a group of what appeared to be very intoxicated women.

About that time Allison my wife excused herself to visit the ladies room. I took advantage of the opportunity to slip out and get Renee's attention. I signaled for her to join me in the hall. As she approached I couldn't help but smile. She looked fantastic in her Christmas party attire.

"What's up, and WHAT is with that big smile on your face?" she asked as she approached.

"Well, I have to admit something to you. I planned this. We're now both standing under the mistletoe." I replied. With that she looked up to see a little sprig of magical Celtic foliage dangling from a chandelier. As she did this, she exposed an unbelievably beautiful neck. Maybe it was the drink. Maybe it was all the fantasies I've had of her. Maybe it was just the sight of her delicious neck. Whatever it was, I stepped up, pulled her to me, and immediately kissed her on the neck. It was a lingering kiss that allowed me to savior the taste of her skin and the smell of her perfume. Then I kissed her again a bit higher -- just below the jaw line. MMMmmm delicious! Then another kiss found it's way to her ear.

At this point I could feel her body against mine. Her silky red blouse was incredibly sexy in my hands and rubbing across my suit. I whispered in her ear – the one I'd just kissed, "Merry Christmas."

To my surprise and excitement she turned her head and met my lips. What followed was an indescribable kiss. It was the kind of kiss that only happens when you use your entire body, and use them we did. "Merry Christmas to you. Oh MY! I bet I can tell you where you've hidden a present for me." She said as she ground her hips against my hardness. "However, I too have a present for you, but it's been difficult to find the right moment to give it to you." She said with a wink.

"A present? For me? You didn’t need to do that!" I say.

"Oh yes I did. I REALLY needed to, Zeb!" She tells me with a kind of urgency in her voice. 

She takes my hand and leads me to an empty private dinning room, and once we've entered she closes the door. Before she can turn back around I'm behind her, slipping my arms around her, and kissing her hair. "This is a fantastic present!" I say.

"Just wait. I haven't even given it to you yet!" she replies, and with those words she turns, places her hands on my chest, and pushes me back toward the table. As we move almost dance-like her lips again find mine. Our tongues dart and play - teasing and touching. Her kisses are like electricity. Each touch sends jolts of colors dancing through my head.

Once positioned against the table, her hands slowly slide down my shirt and find my belt. She takes her time loosening my belt, and then she unfastens my waist button. Finally, she releases my zipper. On cue, gravity steps in and encourages us by bringing my loose trousers to the floor.

Our arms encircle one another. I feel her hands moving down my back. Her thumbs hook into the waistband of my underpants. Then she and my underpants begin a decent. Immediately, my lips miss her, but I am quickly distracted by the caress of her cheek against my thigh.

Then it begins. She starts teasing me by licking up and down the length of my shaft. Her licking grows to include the ridge of my head. She licks all the way down to the base of my shaft and playfully kisses my balls and softly sucks at them.

A wild animal groan escapes from deep within me. As if that groan was her indication to proceed, she next engulfs me in her mouth - deep-throating me all at once. We freeze like that for a moment. Holding that wonderful second. Wanting it to last. Then just as suddenly, she has my whole shaft inside her mouth. The tip is at the back of her throat. I can feel the hot wetness of her delicate and delicious mouth. I moan -- it is sheer ecstasy 
to at long last, be with her like this.

She licks my head while it’s still in her mouth, ringing around the ridge, flicking at the tip of my head -- teasing me in the most wonderful ways. She knows I am watching, and so she puts on a little show for me. She slowly moves my hard cock in and out of her mouth in long exposing strokes, sucking noisily - exposing my cock as she withdraws and then engulfs it again and again. She looks up to see me looking at her -- looking for her eyes. "You're beautiful." Is the only thing I can manage to utter.

Soon she feels my head begin to pulse and she instantly stops. I blurt out a shocked growl, as if she has taken away an important part of my life. After a moment the teasing starts all over again -- building and then backing off - she prolongs the pleasure. She builds up the climax for me. Finally, I can stand it no longer. The pleasure is too great. I beg her for release.

Cupping my balls in her free hand, she takes all of me in her mouth. She begins to concentrate on the head with her mouth and my shaft with her hand. She moves slowly at first then quickens the pace, using her hand at the base of my shaft. She starts to move her firm hand up and down -- matching the rhythm of her mouth, giving me a thorough pleasuring.

As my orgasm approaches she tightens her grip on my shaft while she continues to ravish my head. If she holds the shaft firmly enough I will not be able to come, but if she lets it loosen I will instantly erupt in a mind shattering orgasm. After just a moment of sustained ecstasy, she releases her grip and I explode! My entire body is rocked and jolted with spasms. I nearly collapse as my knees too jolt from the explosion. A loud breath escapes me but it's so strong that is sounds more like a scream. As I convulse she continues to encourage me and prolong the orgasm with gentle strokes and licks.

As the eruptions begins to fade my sensitivity skyrockets. Now any touch is enough to make me jump, flinch, and cry out. She enjoys making me twitch and jump as she continue to flick at me kissing my now softening cock.

My thoughts finally return and they are filled with a desire to taste her. I begin my decent to devour her sex, but she stops me and says, "Wait. Not tonight. Tonight is your present. You can give me mine another time. Besides, we need to get back to the party." She gives me a quick kiss and disappears out the door leaving me to glow, dress, and smile.

I follow her a minute later and run into my wife as she is exiting the ladies room. I say, "Oh, there you are. I was just starting to look for you. Would you like another drink?" We begin to head for the party, but I notice Renee standing in the hall and Jeff heading her way.

I pause and ask Allison, "Where are they going?" Before she can answer Jeff joins Renee. She says something to him, but I can't here what it is over the sounds of the party. He looks up toward the mistletoe and as drunk as he is, he nearly falls over backwards, but she saves him by pulling him to her and planting a HUGE wet tongue filled kiss on his mouth.

We watch for a moment, but soon Allison tugs at my arm and says, "Let's let them have a little privacy." Just as we are turning away, I see you break the kiss and wink at me. I turn to Allison and ask, "In the poem, Twas the Night Before Christmas, doesn't Santa wink just before he leaves the house?"

"Yes, he does." Allison says.

I reply, "Huh, maybe there really is a Santa." And with that thought we return to the party.