 He had her pinned up against the wall. Knee between hers holding her still. Hand entwined in her hair. The music and close atmosphere of the club pressed in as he slid his tongue rapidly in and out of her mouth. Over her lips, slicking by her teeth to find tongue, and probe it into playing. His other hand was on her hip feeling her slightly buck against his leather clad leg. Her fingers were playing with the waistband of his pants teasing the hair that led like an arrow downward. She shifted her attention to his zipper, feeling the bulge. He bit her bottom lip between his teeth when she passed over it with light flighty touches. She let out a small groan.

"Out, now" He growled at her. With that he left her behind as he strode towards the exit under the flashing lights and swathing bodies, passing through them as if a path was cut just for him. 

She watched him go, wondering if she should follow. She had heard his reputation. It was one of the reasons she had come to the club in the first place. He was rough they said. Bruises were common on his partners. Rumours had it that that was the least she could expect. 

She had hunted him because of the craving. A dark piece of her was inflamed by the idea of being taken without control. To see what it was like to truly surrender in danger. To play with fire and see how much it actually burned. When she told her other lovers of things she had wanted to try they had either balked at the idea or tried but never to her satisfaction. The attempts were maddening. Like having a drop of a delicious wine on your tongue but never being able to grasp the full taste experience. Teasing the mind's imagination into knowing almost what it is missing, but enough to not be sated by any weaker port. If she didn't go, she'd never know...

She fixed her hair and pressed herself out of the club through the throngs of people gyrating and using their clothes as contraceptives. The beats echoed in her head along with her hammering pulse. When she reached the door she paused and wondered...what if he had a disease? What if she said no? Would he stop? COULD he be stopped? She shook her head and strided out.

As soon as she hit the sidewalk a hand wrapped around her arm, guiding her towards a black 1970 Hemi Cuda. 

"Get in." She opened the door and sat quietly.

He got in and sat in the drivers side and stared at her. She just looked back and then down.   

With the contact broken he put the key in and drove off. No music played. The car seemed too quiet. Once again her nerves were on edge, but in the middle of it they were also accompanied by the blossoming of severe heat in her torso.

He stopped outside a small brick house with bushes lining the edge of the yard up to six feet high. A wrought iron gate was the only entry point. He got out of the car and opened her door, once again gripping her arm. He slammed the door behind her and started towards the gate. She noted that no lights could be seen inside the house and the streetlight didn't break through the tall greenery. Their path from the gate was the only place that had any kind of light. She saw that the house had a lot of windows in the little bit of natural light the night provided. He unlocked the door and pressed a code into an alarm. He took her through the door locked it behind them and punched in another code. He didn't turn on any lights and just kept walking until he opened a door at the end of a hall.

She had no choice but to follow. He had her arm and was directing her into the room. When he finally let go, she just stood where he had left her, waiting for what would come next, nervously licking her lips. He flicked a switch by the door and subdued dim blue light spilled from the recessed setting along the ceiling by the bed. The bed itself looked massive, clearly the focal point of the room. It's dark presence was overwhelming. 

From behind he came up and slide his hands under her skirt. He was roughly kneading her ass cheeks as she tensed first and then started to sway into the sensation. He moved his fingers up to the waistline of her thong and pulled it down to her knees. With his leg he once again spread her legs a bit. His hands returned to her ass and stated to move downward until he was just by her lips. He swept a finger quickly down and over them to feel how wet she was. When he found her soaking he bit her neck roughly and dragged his teeth together across her skin. His other hand again went into her hair making sure she didn't move.

He turned her around to face him. 

"Take off the top." No questions, just orders. She untied the ribbon holding the straps and front closed of her green satin tank top. It slid over her shoulders and when she got it to her waist he let go of her hair and pulled both the top and her skirt to the floor, leaving her in a bra. She took that off wanting all of it now. She shook off her worries and decided to embrace it. The craving had taken over. It wasn't necessarily her being passive it was a partner who would win in a bid for domination, control. He seemed a bit surprised when she looked him in the eye while unbuttoning his shirt. she ripped out his belt and undid his pants, leaving him in his tight briefs. She kept her eyes locked on his as she knelt down and slid her hands under the elastic and tore them down. Leaving him naked before her. Still on her knees she opened her mouth just enough to let her breath be felt on his cock. She licked her lips slowly showing him deliberately what she was going to do. She opened her mouth a slowly let her lips roam over the head and down the shaft teasing the underside with her tongue. Her hands raced up and down his thighs and finally settled on his balls. Not wanting them to feel neglected she removed her lips and let her tongue roam from the tip of his cock down to the bottom of his sack. She made figure eights with her tongue on the underside of the balls and flicked her tongue further down the crack just to let him feel it. Her hand had since moved to his shaft and was moving with grace and speed and slickly with her spit. Her thumb kept pressure on the underside and stroked the head briefly on the upswing. She slowly sucked one ball into her mouth passing it over her lips and sleeked over her teeth. When she was done with one she added the other with the same movements until they were both in. Then she hummed while stroking him feeling his balls tense up. She pulled back gently with her head delaying the pleasure. She kept her hand on his shaft and replaced her lips around the head, licking the slit until she felt and tasted the precum drops. She removed her hand and her lips.

"Get on your knees" She said. He chuckled and did as she asked.

When he was down on his knees. He let her go on all fours facing him with her lips again on his cock licking, slurping, moaning. He took her hair in his fist again and dragged her head forward until she had his whole cock in her mouth. She was gagging but the sensation of tugging and squeezing in her throat was what he had wanted. He gripped her ass and started her bobbing up and down all the way on his shaft. To her credit there was no pull of teeth on his skin. Once she got used to the huge amount of dick in her mouth she pushed her tongue up against him making the passage down her throat tighter. She could feel him get bigger until he pushed her off of him.

"Open your mouth. Eyes open." He stroked himself hard and fast bringing strands of cum onto her face and into her hair. The hot salty semen littered her cheeks, chin and some of her tongue. He brought her forward again and made her wrap her lips around him and clean what was left on him off. 

"Go clean your face." He said as he got up and went to the bed. She looked around and saw a door that led into a en suite bathroom. She took some toilet paper and did as she was told. 

When she came back he simply said. "Come here."

She walked to the bed where he was sitting. He once again grabbed her arm and pulled her to sit on the bed next to him. He pulled her hair up into his hand again bit her neck again making her pant. 

He let his fingers reach for her breasts flicking over the nipples in circles and then pinching them until they were standing as large as an eraser tip on a pencil. He pulled her fully onto the bed and sat astride her biting and licking his way to her nipples. When he reached them he took them between his teeth and licked franticly until she was bucking under him. He stopped only after biting a little harder bringing a flash of pain. He stared into her face as he moved his fingers down until he reached her pussy. She was freshly waxed and smooth as silk. Her wetness let him know she had enjoyed what had come before. He thrust two fingers roughly inside feeling how tight she was wrapping around him. He moved his head down to where his fingers were, spreading her legs over the side of the bed to give him greater access. He ran his finger over her lips feeling her wetness make them sleek and slick. He put his fingers inside her again until she moaned. He removed them and flicked his tongue over the lips and bit her thighs roughly. He splayed her lips wide and sucked on her clit until it was between his teeth like her nipples had been before. Sucking and licking it she thought she would explode from the speed at which he was doing everything. It was overwhelming and almost painful. He let one finger move into her again curling against her wall stroking that spongy spot until he could feel her juices flow down between the crack of her ass. He took his other hand and let a finger get soaked and rubbed her asshole until she whimpered. He pushed it in slowly, smoothly. The sensations left her feeling incredibly full and at a loss for focusing letting him take her to the brink and back down again until she was pulling and pinching at her own nipples in an effort to add to the extreme pleasure. When he finally let her explode she squirted a spray onto him and felt as if she had been torn inside out. The pressure had built up and thrummed inside her until she could hold it back no more. 

Without wasting a beat he pushed her all the way back onto the bed and flipped her onto her stomach. With her on her knees he positioned himself behind her and grabbed her hips yanking her onto him mercilessly. The more she tried to move the more he pulled her back until she had no choice but to let him stroke inside her as hard and as fast as he wanted. He wound a hand around her hair but loose enough to put the hand around her neck and rub this thumb over her throat making her panic. He forced her head back and caused her to arch her back. He pushed her head down letting go of her throat until her shoulders were almost on the mattress her cheek pressed against it while he held her down forcing himself inside deeper. She could feel him pounding without relief into her until his balls were soaked with her. She felt the heat from earlier expand and enrobe her cunt until she was so tight she thought she would squeeze him out. He forced himself to stay in despite the tightness and he kept the pressure going until an orgasm was ripped from her forcing a scream from her throat. 

"My turn." He grabbed her under her ribs and leaned back until she was backwards in his lap and he once again put his hand on her throat while forcing her up and down his cock. He then pushed her onto the bed again and flipped her onto her back. He yanked her legs up onto his shoulders and grinded into her with such force it shook the bed. He gripped her ass underneath pouring himself into her as she moaned from being oversensitive. He then withdrew and pressed the head of his cock against her hole until it parted and let his inside. The tightness drove him to move harder while she cringed at the severe feeling moving inside her. 

"I want to see you play with yourself." 

She moved her hands down to her lips and parted them. she dipped a few fingers into her pussy until they were slick. She started to rub her clit for him hoping to make him hurry. Her ass was hurting from the pounding it was taking. He did stop momentarily. Enough to put her in the doggy style position again. With her ass in the air he launched himself in without restraint.  

Ramming her. He once again pushed her down until her cheek was on the sheets. 

"Play with yourself. Rub it hard and fast."

She made her fingers go over her clit in circles with her wetness flowing over it. She could feel it get harder and she rubbed her pussy lips to get more on her fingers. She moved back up to her clit using her first two fingers hard on it in tight circles quicker and quicker until she felt herself feel the first signs of starting to cum. She dipped her fingers again making sure they were slick enough to move smoothly over her clit and she pressed harder until the pain in her ass added to the sensations; edging her pleasure with pain. She let out a small groan and a little bit of wetness crept down her leg as she came. The tightening of her body brought him to climax in her ass. The tight channel was filled with his cum and he erupted in spurts. When he withdrew a few drops spilled out.

"You've got five minutes to recover." He said as he went into the bathroom. She had never felt so used, prodded, violated, or delicious sated. Her craving had had a taste but was far from finished.