 It's always the worst feeling talking to your buddy after imagining the things you'd do to his girlfriend given half chance. The problem is I go through this everyday. See, my wife and I live next door to my friend Chris and his girlfriend Jess so we hangout almost everyday. And everyday I see Jess I can't help but imagine what her naked body squirming under me would be like. It doesn't help that it's warmer now. She likes to be outside and that comes with tank tops, cutoff shorts, and flip flops and getting a eye full of most of her body drives me crazy. I'd give anything to see the rest of her. 

Jess is a pretty average girl. She's not a super model and is no size 0 but she looks good. She's got short brown hair and blue eyes that shine through her glasses. What's important is the nice round ass that knocks me into a different world when she bends over. She's got a nice handful when it comes to her chest. They aren't big but I'm not a boob guy and I'm more turned on by cleavage then by tits anyways. I'm not kidding when I say she knows how to use what she has. 

Chris and I had been friends for a while so we're all pretty comfortable around each other to the point where we barely knock. One evening after work I grabbed a beer and walked next door to hangout, since my wife was at work. I knocked a quick beat and walked in.

"Hey!" Jess said walking into the den from the kitchen.

I felt my stomach drop, when I saw her in a black tank top and cloth bootie shorts. Her bare feet lightly slapped against the hardwood as she walked toward me. "Uhh, is Chris home?" I asked trying to shake off the thoughts that were bombarding me.

"No not yet, but you can wait here for him. I think he should be here soon." She smiled and motioned toward the couch. 

I sat down and took a couple of gulps of beer while doing my best to look at everything but Jess. Not even a few seconds passed before I couldn't tear my eyes off of her. When I sat down she put her hair up in a bun exposing her soft neck and the little blue bird tattoo that was usually unseen. She got down on the floor and began to play with their dog. Her shirt was doing all it could to keep her tits from falling out as she got on all fours. It's like the world vanished when she turned in the same direction I was facing, because her ass was right in front of me. The shorts she was wearing pressed tightly in every nook she had. I could see a slight bulge where her ass turned into a mound of pussy lips. 

I was glad the dog was growling and being noisy, I know a whimper escaped my throat as she dropped her chest to the floor leaving her ass in the air. I pictured myself sliding those shorts right off that round ass and taking her with my now throbbing cock. I gritted my teeth and took another drag from my beer, keeping my eyes on this masterpiece swaying slightly in front of me. 

Suddenly remembering I was there, she sat up and turned around. I've got the right idea when it comes to not getting caught staring so when she looked at me, I was looking at the blacked screen on my phone. I glanced up at her and she looked slightly disappointed. 

She laughed awkwardly, "I'm sorry I just started putting my ass up like that."

I laughed and said, "I'm sorry I missed that." 

She giggled and stood up with a almost slow and and deliberate movement allowing me to look deep into her cleavage. 

"Need another?" She asked when I finished the last of my beer. 

"Yes, please." I said giving her the empty.

She came back a minute later and handed me the open beer. She sat down on the opposite couch which was still close enough for our knees to touch and asked, "So, how are things?" 

"Things are good." I said taking a sip.

"Good." She said with a smile. 

By now most of my attention was on the smooth thigh that was inches from my leg. I longed to just reach out and run my fingers up it and feel her soft skin. 

"Did uhh, Chris say when he'd be home?"

"Yeah, he texted me a few minutes ago and said he'd be home in a few hours. I guess he got into something at work. When is Sarah supposed to be home?"

I glanced at the clock and saw it was right at 5 pm. "In like three hours."

"Well it looks like we're on our own for now." She said smiling. "Wanna watch a movie?"

"Sure!" I said watching her bounce off the couch and walk over to the collection of dvds. I continued to stair at her as she looked over the choices. She bent slowly over to look at the options at the bottom of the rack. I could swear her hips were slightly swaying. She grabbed one towards the top and stuck it inside the tv. "This is a good one, but I'm going to need one of those." She said pointing at my lap. 

For a second I was confused but then I realized she meant beer as she walked out of the den. It took her a little longer to return but when she did I noticed a perfume that I hadn't before. Her hair was down in a sexy messy tangle from her session on the floor with the dog. She sat back on the couch and crossed her legs. The movie started and we sat in silence for a few minutes. 

I noticed a soft foot against my shin and was very glad I decided on shorts today. She was slowly moving her toes on my leg and I remained motionless out of fear of breaking whatever she was doing. Maybe she just didn't realize what was happening and I didn't want her to stop. I took a drink from my bottle and then she moved her foot so now it was pressed against my leg instead of just lightly brushing. The softness of the bottom of her foot against my leg was driving me crazy. I glanced from the tv to her and she smiled at me as her foot started to move up and down my leg. I could hardly breathe I was so excited. I took another drink and moved my leg closer to her giving her more range for her foot to explore. She kept moving it for a minute but then she put her ankle on my knee, using me for a foot rest. I reached down with my free hand began to massage her foot. She moaned slightly and moved her foot to my thigh for reach. I continued to rub her foot and watch the movie but the only thing I could focus on was the soft weight of her foot on my thigh, so close to my cock that I was worried it would throb and she would know how much I was enjoying this. 

"You know," she said. "My other foot is jealous." She stood up and walked to the couch I was sitting on and sat down placing both of her feet on my thigh. "That should make it easier for you." 

I sat my beer down after a long gulp and began to rub her little feet. 

"Mmm." She breathed with her eyes close. "That feels nice."

I worked her feet for a bit and even made sure to play with her blue painted toes. I slowly moved my hands to her ankles and up the back of her calf continuing the massage. She pressed her feet flat against my thigh and bent her knees allowing me reach all of her legs. 

I just couldn't believe it, her feet and legs felt so soft. I failed in all my imagining of the way she would feel in my hands. I moved my hand to the top of her thigh and instead of massaging I lightly ran my fingertips up and down her lower thigh, fear of breaking the spell kept me from moving up too quickly. 

Jess lowered her knees back down placing her feet directly on my crotch and parted her legs slightly granting my fingers access to her inner thigh. My brain was mush. Her feet were now on my bulge and there is no doubt she could feel How hard I was. I picked up my beer and downed what was left as my fingers continued to dance around, slowly moving to her milky and smooth inner thigh.

I felt the off and on pressure of her feet as Jess began to kneed on my cock with her toes. My hand was now resting on top of her thigh with my fingers in between her legs. I was now at the edge of her shots and my fingers could feel the slight humidity that was radiating inches away from them. The pressure coming from her toes increased the higher I went on her thigh. I hesitated when I got to the top of her thigh, still not able to believe I was in this situation. Jess then took one foot off my lap and placed it on the floor, spreading her legs open and giving my hand all the room it needed. I moved my hand from her leg to the mound that was still pushing out from the shorts she was wearing. Jess hummed slightly as I pushed my fingers against her pussy and was surprised to feel how wet she was. She had already soaked through her shorts, and from the feel of her pussy lips, I could tell she wasn't wearing panties. 

I looked at her and she was looking at me biting her lower lip with a look that said, 'keep going.' 

Suddenly, her phone lit up and began to ring. We both jumped as she scrambled to find it. 

"Hi, honey!" Jess answered cheerfully. She had moved her foot off me and pulled the other up, closing her thighs. I sat up straight and returned my attention to the movie. 

"Alright, I'll see you soon....I love you too honey." It was quiet for a few moments before Jess said, "Chris will be home in 5 minutes."

"Okay, that's cool." I replied, not sure what to do. 

Jess laughed. "Cool? I think it sucks." 

I chuckled awkwardly." You got that right."

"Oh well, next time!" She smiled and and leaned forward, placing a hand on the bulge in my pants and her lips to the side of my face. "Now go get rid of this before Chris comes home and sees." She whispered. "I got to go change and put some panties on." She giggled at the dumb look on my face and bounced up off the couch and walked off into her room.