 Daylen came over, he's a good friend of mine, and my ex-boyfriend. He told me he's really been missing out on sex. Its been so long since a girls wanted to fuck him. 

I could barely believe him, because I knew what he was packing, so I told him that any girl I knew would die to have a cock like his, it being a monstrous 10+ inches in length and as thick as a redbull can.

As I started thinking about it, I even wanted it again. It had been so long since he and I had fooled around, maybe it is time we did again, this time...just as friends.

As he turned around to leave my apartment, I quickly threw my shirt off, exposing my all natural, huge breasts. I called his name, and when he turned around I ran up and gave him a deep, hot kiss and let my hand slide down to his belt. 

I felt a familiar hardness growing in his pants and then he asked me, "So Sharon, how do you want it?"

This I had to think about for a second. He could fuck me hard and pound away at my pussy, or start off slowly and gradually build up tempo. 

I finally answered him," Well, since its been a while since I took you, maybe we should start off with some foreplay with you maybe teasing my pussy. Getting me nice and wet and ready to take your monster."

Without saying a word, Daylen grabbed my hand and led me into the bedroom, telling me in a stern voice to take lift my skirt up and lay back on the bed. Of course, I did as I was told, and he began to treat my pussy like it was his favorite dessert. I was right on the edge of an orgasm, when I felt him pull away from me. I lay there startled that he didn't let me go over the edge, and then I heard it. The zipper. This made my pussy even wetter, the excitement, the anticipation of his hot cock buried deep inside of me was too much to handle. "Why did I ever let him go?" I wondered to myself. 

I heard him step out of his jeans and looked up at him as he was taking his shirt off. His cock was hard, throbbing, and just amazing, possibly the biggest I had ever seen it. 

He moved forward leaning down to give my pussy one last little lick and then he kissed me. Not just an ordinary kiss, one of those "I've missed you so much" kisses. I could feel his cock between my legs, the heat he was giving off was incredible, I wanted him so badly to be inside of me.

He stopped kissing me and reached down, grabbed his cock and began to rub it up and down my slit, teasing me, taunting me, every motion made me want to pull him right down on top of me. 

Finally, the moment I'd been waiting for. He slowly began to push himself inside of me, but just the head, allowing me to adjust to his size again. He was always so gentle with me. Slowly, he began to push a little deeper with each stroke. Every time he drew himself out and pushed back in, it felt a little more at ease. 

Finally his entire cock was inside me, now, surely, 11+ inches long and at his largest ever. He stayed buried deep inside me until he felt I was comfortable with his size and slowly pulled out, until just the head was inside of me. He looked down at me and asked, "Are you ready for what comes next?" All I could do was moan, this let him know that he was free to move at his own pace now. With one stroke, he pushed himself all the way into my pussy, his balls slapping me as he hit me deep. It was so intense, I came, squirting all over his cock.

We began to move with each other, our bodies, our breathing, everything was in sync. I looked up at him and he could tell another orgasm was building inside of me, and he pulled out. He turned me over and had me get on my hands and knees on the bed, scooted right up to the edge, and he stood behind me, pressing his cock to my pussy. Again, he pushed it deep inside of me, this time on the first stroke, I felt it hit and squirted again. Man, Daylen knew all the right buttons to press.

I collapsed after the last orgasm, but that didn't stop him from diving deeper into me. He continued and when he was almost on edge, he stopped himself. He was waiting for the exact moment, the exact position to explode. Because he knew when he did it would be earth shattering.

He stepped away from me and laid down on the bed next to me, giving me long kisses. I knew he'd missed me, and I'd missed him too. 

Knowing that our evening wasn't over, I climbed on top of him and straddled him. My breasts hung over his mouth and he began to fondle them, sucking, caressing, and pulling at my nipples, I was ready to sit on his monster. But I didn't, I wanted to suck on his cock a little first.

I started by kissing up his thigh right up to his cock but not touching it yet, then down the opposite thigh. Again, I kissed back up and place my lips around his hot, swollen cock, letting my tongue slowly slide around the head.

I ran my tongue down his cock to his balls and took one into my mouth, gently massaging it with my tongue and did the same with the opposite one as well, making sure that every inch of his cock was stimulated.

I ran my tongue back up to the head and flicked it quickly across the tip and finally took him into my mouth, letting his cock glide through my lips, moaning around his cock. Not wanting him to finish things yet, and sensing he was close, I began to kiss up his stomach, back up to his lips to kiss him deeply once again. This was no longer just plain sex, I was lusting after him and could stand it no longer. I placed my pussy over his cock, briefly letting him feel the warmth coming from it. He could stand it no longer and grabbed my hips, shoving me down onto his hot, engorged cock.

We moaned as a wave of pleasure ran through us, and he began to guide me up and down his cock, alternating hands on my hips and hands on my breasts, making sure I was adequately satisfied. He teased one of my nipples, only compelling me to ride his throbbing cock harder. 

This was the final straw, neither of us could hold back any longer, my pussy started to squeeze his cock as it hit me so deep, and I squirted all over his cock, feeling him writhe inside of me, he came hard. We collapsed onto the bed out of breath, hot, sweaty, and completely satisfied. 

Daylen turned to me and said, "Thank you Sharon, that was amazing. You definitely reminded me of what I was missing." And as I turned over and put his arm around me, holding me tightly to him, I whispered back, "Don't worry...you won't miss it anymore." And we fell asleep, and continued to recreate the evenings events every night from then on.