 This is a fictional account with everyone over eighteen. Special thanks to my editor. 

*********************************

The next morning was a whirlwind of activity. I saw Anna off early and then helped clean the house and pack the car. My dad wanted to leave by 11:00am so I texted Megan to see if she wanted to catch some last minute waves. Darci said she would join us on the beach after she finished the last fifty pages of her book. 

The day was starting a little cloudy as a storm had blown through in the early morning, but by ten o'clock the clouds were already dissipating and giving way to a nice day. Megan and I wasted little time getting to the water after she and Ellen arrived.

"Last night was amazing, huh?" Megan asked with a smile, as we waded into the heavier surf left over from the storm. 

"I'll say," I replied.

"Bet you were a bit shocked at how I went along with Anna."

"You could say that, but she can be convincing."

"Well, I'm not gullible enough to be dragged into something I don't want to do, but I guess I was curious, real curious, as to what she could teach me."

"She could be a sex ed teacher," I said jokingly. 

"That she could," Megan agreed, before diving into an approaching wave.

We rode a few waves in silence. Our fantastic week together was rapidly coming to a close and I thought hard about how to bring up future plans with Megan. The summer would be over soon and we'd both be off to college. Could this budding relationship survive time and distance apart? I certainly hoped so. 'Would she want it as much as me?' I worried to myself.

I waited for her between waves and admired her smooth grace in the water. I'd finally delighted in all of that wonderful slender, athletic body the night before; just thinking of it caused my dick to stir despite the cool water. I wanted to be alone with her on a deserted beach somewhere. Just the two of us, by ourselves, with plenty of time to make love and be together.

Megan must have read my mind or been thinking the same thing. She swam over to me closer than before. Fortunately, not a lot of people were on the beach or in the water yet, so we had space to ourselves.

"Did you say your dad wants to leave soon?"

"Yeah...I probably need to get going in a few minutes."

"These past few days have been fun."

"Incredible," I enthused.

"Yes...to bad they have to end," Megan agreed sadly.

"You'll be back home on Saturday, right?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"Want to get a bite to eat and catch a movie maybe?" I offered.

"Sure...we should be home by mid-afternoon," Megan answered.

"Great, I'll call you then."

"Ok, that'd be fun."

We caught a few more waves then made our way back to the towels. Darci must have finished her book; she was there with Ellen. She appeared to be telling Ellen about it while we stood drying off. More people were coming onto the beach and taking places around Ellen and Darci. It looked like it was going to be a busy day.

The goodbyes were tough, especially for Megan and me. The parting kiss she gave me was longer and more passionate than casual. My dick stirred and I wished it was dark so we could sneak off behind a dune somewhere. We had to hurry, though, as Darci reminded me.

"Sorry to leave Megan, I bet," Darci said as we walked back to the house.

"It's been a fun week."

"Yeah, you two have been chummy. But, then again, you seemed pretty chummy with Anna too," Darci remarked with a little smirk. "In fact, I'd say you had quite the week, little brother."

"I guess you could say that," I agreed with a smile. "You seemed to have some fun too."

"Not as much as you I'd say. Did you have them both together last night?"

"Darce!"

"Hey...you don't think I'm blind do you? Even Ellen knows you were probably bonking Anna and her sister on the beach last night. You've become quite the stud, Davey."

"Just making up for lost time," I stated with a smile.

"I'd say so!" Darci declared. "I've got to give you credit. You seem to be able to charm multiple women at once."

"It's a talent," I professed laughingly.

"Be careful, though, little brother. You might get in over your head."

"I know...you can say that again."

"I might have to," Darci replied just as we arrived back.

"About time, you two. Help your mother," my dad yelled as he loaded the car. 

In a half hour we were on the road. I'd slipped out of my drying suit at the last minute in the outside shower so I wouldn't track sand into the clean house. Darci had changed there too, just before me. As we exchanged places in the shower I noticed she didn't have a bra on under her tee shirt. Her nipples clearly poked through the front of her shirt, doing nothing to help get thoughts of sex out of my head. Neither did the knowing smile she gave me as she walked away towards the car. 

Having to go to work for the next couple of days before the weekend quickly returned my life to its normal routine. The only excitement I had was calling Megan on Thursday and arranging our date for Saturday night. She seemed happy to talk and her demeanor left me anticipating a wonderful time. 

I ran into Penny on Friday at work. God, she looked hot, and not just from the heat of the day. I hadn't had sex in several days now and it was getting to me. We didn't have much time to talk, but she managed to slide in a few of her typical sarcastic comments.

"Hey, Davey...Heard you like sex on the beach."

"It's not bad," I mused back, going along with her. I'd learned to better counter her quips.

"You found a new squeeze too, huh?"

"If you mean, Megan, yes, we ran into each other."

"I'd say you ran into her dick first," Penny laughed.

"Jealous?" I shot back.

"You bet," she replied. "I'm always ready for you."

"Sounds tempting, but I have a date with Megan on Saturday."

"There's always tonight," Penny suggested with actual sincerity.

"Yeah...but I should save myself," I replied halfheartedly.

"Too bad. Let me know if you change your mind. Anna might even be available. I hear you like two girls at once," Penny proposed with a smile.

"It's a taste I'm beginning to acquire," I mused with her.

"Hey, Monica might be coming over this weekend. Remember the time with the three of us in the garage?"

"I'll never forget that. Monica, huh?"

"Yeah...and she often talks about that cock of yours. I think she might be sweet on you, too. Or at least on your Moby Dick."

"Interesting."

"Could be the opportunity of a lifetime, stud. See ya," Penny said as she walked off.

I was not as attentive an umpire for the baseball games that afternoon. One of the coaches got mad at me for missing a call. Fortunately, his team ended up winning by eight runs so the call went by the boards. I couldn't stop thinking about Penny and Monica. Thoughts of fucking those two delicious redheads had my cock half hard all the rest of the day. My mind couldn't focus on anything else for long. 

It was nearly eight o'clock as I drove home from work. I was pretty exhausted from the day, but still wondered if I could or should try something with Penny and maybe Anna. One side of me wanted to save myself for the date with Megan. It seemed like our first real date, even after spending the time together down on the shore, and I wanted it to be perfect. 'Could I pull off both, though,' I wondered to myself.

Anna and Penny's jobs at the park district involved the summer camps. They always started earlier than me, so they also finished before I did. My work was in the fields and with the town kid's sports leagues, which ran later each day. So I wasn't shocked to hear music coming from the upstairs of Anna's garage as I got out of my car. My stomach was growling for food, but something else wanted attention too. 

I managed to ignore my lower half and entered my house. Dinner was saved for me, so I ate quickly and showered as fast afterward. I tried not to think about Penny and Anna next door, but that was impossible given the constant call for attention from my lower extremity. I threw some clothes on and headed next door.

The music was still going as I walked over to Anna's garage. I thought I should have called rather than just drop in. What if they were fucking some other guys or had friends over. I hesitated for a moment, but decided to just yell from the bottom of the stairs. The side door was unlocked and I climbed half way up the steps before shouting.

"Anna...it's David. You up there?"

I didn't get any response right away so I thought they might not have heard me. I called a little louder the second time and still heard nothing. Thinking they might really have other guys over, I decided to exit before it got weird. I was just turning around to head back down the stairs when Anna called.

"David...come on up."

"Ok."

I climbed the steps and saw Anna and Penny, beers in hand, standing by the refrigerator. They had big smiles and stepped towards me. They stopped before coming around the couch though. I got the feeling they'd already had a few beers.

"Hey, took me up on the offer, huh?" Penny said smiling.

Trying not to seem too forward I said, "I heard the music coming from the garage when I got home."

"Well, we're glad you decided to come over," Anna declared.

"Me too," a voice said hidden on the couch.

I tried to guess who was there when Monica popped up. Penny had said she might be coming over for the weekend. 

"Hi, Davey," Monica called. "Good to see you again."

"Great to see you too," I replied.

"Come over here and sit on the couch with Monica," Penny said. "You want a beer?"

"Sure...thanks."

I took a seat on the couch and Monica immediately slid over next to me. Penny brought me a beer and Anna sat on the arm of the couch on my side, away from Monica. Penny sat down in front of me on the coffee table. If I didn't known them so well, I would have been a bit more nervous surrounded by three gorgeous women. 

"You're several beers behind," Penny said. Drink up."

As Penny was talking I smiled at each of them. Monica was dressed in very short shorts that showed off her creamy skin and toned long legs. She shifted to face me on the couch bringing one of those nice legs up on the seat. It was then I noticed her small pink nipples poking through her tight white tank. She didn't have a bra on and those perky tits of hers were showcased by the tight top. 

Anna moved a shapely leg to the back of the couch so she faced me too. Her shorts were so small that the crotch of the pants did little to hide her pink panties beneath. Both the shorts and panties were little more than an inch wide strip over her pussy. She wore a bra because of her more substantial tits, but it was dark in color and visible through her white tee shirt. The front of the shirt had a cute little kitten pushing a ball of yarn around, with the saying, "My kitty is cute."

Finally, my eyes shifted to where Penny was and I took a big swig of my beer. She had a knowing smile as she sipped hers. Penny had what looked like tennis shorts on. They weren't as short as Anna's, but the leg openings were much larger than her slim athletic thighs. It would have been easy to push them aside to expose her pussy. She had a bra on beneath her thin button-down blouse. The blouse had a checkered pattern, so it wasn't see-through like Anna's, but it was tight enough to frame her shapely tits. 

I finished my beer and Penny got me another. We were just talking about general things like work and things we did this summer. Somehow my vacation became the major topic with Anna giving away some of the sordid details. My hooking up with Megan became the topic of interest.

"I always thought Megan was pretty and might be a wild one if given the chance," Penny commented.

"It didn't take much to get her naked on the beach," Anna admitted.

"She sounds cute," Monica said as Anna described her. 

Monica's hands had crept up my shorts-covered thigh. Anna's soon followed on the other side and I began to feel like the prey for a couple of vampires. Penny noticed their hands on me and smiled. She leaned back on the coffee table and put the heels of her socked feet up on the table. The affect was to open the gaps in her shorts and give me glimpses of more smooth white flesh up to the cheeks of her sweet ass. Her eyes followed mine and her smile broadened. 

"I think our Davey wants some pussy," Penny declared.

"Let me check," Monica said.

Her hand found the shape of my cock down my leg and squeezed. The effect was immediate and brought fast life to my dick. Not to be outdone, Anna's hand reached below to cup my encased balls. She whispered in my ear.

"Monica has wanted your cock bad. Let her have it first."

Monica had both hands squeezing my cock now and it was becoming uncomfortable in my shorts. I shifted to try to get more comfortable, but it didn't help much. Anna blew in my right ear and Monica leaned close to kiss my cheek. Her light kisses made their way around to my mouth. A few tender kisses later, her tongue tried to part my lips. I gladly accepted her soft, wet, snake of a tongue, and battled back a little. 

My attention was mostly on Monica, but a glance at Penny caught my attention. Still leaning back, her fingers had pulled aside one pant leg. Her pretty pink pussy was clearly on display. Her fingers parted her cleft and exposed her little clitty to my watchful gaze. Anna whispered again in my ear. 

"Stand for a second," she said.

I reluctantly broke the kiss with Monica, but only to stand briefly. Four hands had my pants around my ankles in seconds. My boxers dropped even faster despite the trouble of clearing my nearly full erection. My dick popped up like a pogo stick. My eyes never left Penny as she stripped quickly and resumed playing with her pussy. I watched as she stuck two fingers back inside her pink wet snatch.

Monica and Anna practically pushed me back on the couch. Anna's fingers caressed my testicles and Monica's encircled my cock. We kissed again and soon I was being pumped hard. Between kisses with Monica, I watched Penny masturbating on the table. She totally lay back, her legs spread wide, and she caressed her cunt. Her bare ass rested on the table and her slick fingers of both hands danced across her clit and deep into her cunt. Squishy noises filled the air as she worked her fingers inside herself. 

Monica squeezed my cock and pre-cum appeared at the head. Her talented fingers smeared the oozing lube across the tip of my cock. Monica's tongue battled with mine as Anna teased my nuts. 

"Oh, god," I moaned.

"I've wanted to fuck you again since the last time," Monica whispered and breathed into my ear. 

I watched as Monica and Anna stood quickly to shed all their clothes. As spectacular as Anna looked naked, I couldn't take my eyes off of Monica. Her body was phenomenal in its own right. She didn't have as many distinct womanly curves as Anna or even Penny, but Monica's body was tall and slender, with sweet small tits, freckles, and a taut ass. It reminded me more of Megan. Her pussy was gorgeous and her red hair made my cock twitch.

"Ahh...cumming soon," Penny shouted, oblivious to all around her.

With Anna and Monica reseated on either side, I couldn't decide whether to kiss Monica or to watch Penny play with herself. Trying to do both didn't work well, either. Fortunately, Monica became as interested in watching Penny as I was. Anna slipped off the couch and sucked on one of Penny's nipples as her orgasm neared.

"Ahh...Oh, God," Penny groaned.

Despite having her hand still wrapped around my dick, Monica focused on Penny as she trembled and bucked against her fingers in her pussy. I watched with her as Anna took over rubbing Penny's clit. Penny gasped and her legs bucked her ass off the coffee table.

Anna's fingers blurred over Penny's clit. Penny pulled her own fingers from her pussy and used her additional arm to help lift her ass completely off the table. She pressed her pussy hard into Anna's rubbing fingers.

I got the sense this might not be the first time Anna had done this to Penny. She skillfully tormented Penny's clit and Penny's climax, which had started slowly, seemed to peak and then explode. I watched in amazement as her gash seemed to open and shoot watery cum in an explosive stream across the gap to the couch. Her cum juice hit me across the legs and in the groin. Her cum fluid soaked Monica's hand, my dick, and balls. 

Anna kept torturing Penny's clit and Penny's legs trembled hard. Her body shook and she constantly moaned. The intensity of her orgasm looked as if it drained the energy from her body as she peaked. I watched enthralled as her cum stream waned until it soaked the table and Anna's hand, before slowing to a trickle. 

I was in shock at what I had just seen. I'd witnessed Anna, Penny, and even Monica cum before, but nothing like the explosive discharge of cum Penny just displayed. The only thing that tore my attention from staring at Penny's soaked gaping cunt was Monica's continuing to stroke my cock. Monica used the increased lube from Penny's huge release to work my shaft. 

Monica's gentle fingers teased my cock, especially the head, causing wonderful sensations to charge through me. She looked at me with her beautiful blue eyes and leaned over to plant tender kisses on my stiff cock. I glanced over to see Anna down on the floor, licking Penny's cum from her soaked cunt. 

A soft tongue working its way around my cockhead brought me back to look at Monica. Her mouth started sucking on just the tip of my cock. It felt wonderful and she glanced up at me. With a smile turning the corners of her mouth, she applied more suction to my sensitive head. 

"Oh, god...that feels great," I told her.

"I could suck your big cock all day," Monica replied.

"I'd like that, but first I need a chance."

I gently pushed Monica back into a lying position on the couch. I climbed over her until we could kiss. Her mouth was soft and wet. The kisses became ardent and her tongue sought mine. This girl was so hot and sexy, I wanted nothing more than to kiss her all day, but I also wanted to taste that beautiful pussy I'd seen when I climbed over her. She had a cute trimmed tuff of red hair above her small pink cleft, and her pussy looked smooth and tight.

After an exchange of kisses with Monica, I nuzzled her neck and kissed down to her smallish pink nipples. The little eraser-shaped nipples felt wonderful against my tongue. I teased them a little before sucking her whole nipple and much of her tit into my mouth. Monica moaned and held my head gently to her breast. I kissed her cleavage and moved between her sweet little breasts to attack the other nip.

"Mmm...that's nice," Monica groaned.

"Just wait," I mumbled against her soft breast mound.

I worked my way down her taut stomach and pushed her legs open as I approached her gorgeous tiny gash. Her pussy was closed still, like a beautiful tender pink unopened flower bud. I used my fingers to calmly part her labia. Monica's tender petite inner lips were deeper pink and inviting to my mouth. Moisture gleamed in her crinkled crease as I ran my nose through her red pubes. They smelled like lavender with a hint of musk. 

My tongue traced a direct line from the top of Monica's pussy down to the bottom. On the way up I bore it deeper into her gash to seek out more of her taste. My taste-buds delighted in her dewy nectar and the tip of my tongue located her tiny clit. My fingers held her open wide so my tongue could attack her little bud. When she started to moan I sucked the tender pebble into my mouth.

"Oh, fuck," Monica growled. 

Her taste was sensational, and like her, I wanted to feast for hours. As I licked and sucked, her moistness continued to increase and was captured by my seeking tongue. My stiff cock hung down between my legs, as I half-straddled the arm of the couch and the floor. Anna appeared behind me and pulled on my hanging dong. Next I felt her tongue licking my balls as she pulled on me. 
