 It all starts with a look. All southern belles seem to know that trick. Just wait till he looks her way, smile, then drop her gaze quickly and blush like he caught her doing something she shouldn't be doing. The only thing she was doing was looking and smiling. Maybe it's the blush when she looks down quickly. Just a little innocent flirting. But it always seems to catch their attention.

For weeks I had been flirting across the gym with him. Just a look, a smile, and a blush at first. Then a little bolder, watching him work out. I liked watching him. It gave me the motivation that I needed to work out harder, and the results were starting to show. After a few weeks, we had become a little bolder with the mutual admiration. But we had not really approached each other after our workouts. Maybe it was because we knew it was forbidden. Maybe it's because the slow build-up makes it so much better. But we were just enjoying the silent interaction across the room.

The first time I ran into him at the gym late at night was an accident. But I have to admit that the next time wasn't. After running into him at 10:00 PM one Friday night, I decided to sneak a look at the log-in book and see if he worked out that late often, and I found out that he did. The wheels started turning in my mind, a plan forming. It was easier to flirt that time of night since there was rarely more than 2 or 3 people working out. So from then on, I made a point of working out late on Friday nights hoping to bump into him again. He wasn't there every Friday night, but enough of them to make it worth it to me to work it into my routine. And it seemed that the longer I worked out on Friday nights, the more often he showed up on Friday nights. I was starting to like the way things were working out.

Finally the opportunity I had been waiting for presented itself. I pulled into the almost empty parking lot late one Friday night and saw his car. I grabbed my gym bag off the back seat and smiled. This was going to be a good night. 

I noticed two other men working out when I walked through going to the locker room. Normally I wouldn't want to be too obvious in front of strangers, but I was ready to take this further than silent flirting. I changed into a pair of shorts and a tshirt before going back out to start my workout. I stopped by the check-in counter which was un-manned this hour of night. That was one of the biggest reasons I had chosen this gym. They give you a key so you can come work out anytime you want. I could have walked around to the back side of the desk but I decided to lean way over and stretch to reach the stereo and hit the power button. A cd of loud driving 80's rock, music from our teenage years, was on top so I put it in the cd player and turned the volume up a little. I glanced over my shoulder as I slid back across the counter, stood up and turned around. He was watching my butt as I leaned over the counter. I definitely liked that.

The workout went about like it always does. I was pushing myself, enjoying the loud music, enjoying working up a sweat, enjoying watching him and being watched by him. Finally the other two men headed for the locker room. I was hoping they would finish before he did so it would be just the two of us, and it looked like I was getting my wish.

By this point, we were openly watching each other, but still not talking. I changed machines and looked up at him. He wasn't a gym rat but I liked the way he was built. Broad shoulders and long lean muscles. Just strong enough to hold me tight but not a narcissistic workout freak. He was a couple of inches taller than me, just right to pull me close and kiss me with all of the good parts lining up right.

I pulled my sweaty t-shirt over my head and tossed it on the floor beside me. I was sitting there in a pair of short shorts and a sports bra, glad that I had been working out. He was watching. Smiling. I spread my legs apart, placing the pads on the machine against my inner thighs, then squeezing my thighs together, slowly. He had stopped working out and was just sitting there wiping the sweat from his face, smiling at me, watching the show. I knew we were both through and it was time to make my move.

I climbed off the machine and walked to him. "I'm going to take a quick shower before I leave," I said. "Would you mind waiting for me so I don't have to walk to the parking lot alone? That's the only part I hate about working out at night. There's never anybody out there and I get a little scared."

My plan was to shower and put on some clean clothes, then have him walk me to my car. I was hoping he would suggest going for a drink or something. Or at least have a real conversation as he walked me to my car.

"No problem," he replied. "I'm always happy to play the role of the knight in shining armor here to protect the lady."

That mischievous grin made my heart skip a beat.

I hit the locker room stripping out of my sweaty clothes. I didn't want to keep him waiting. I grabbed my bag, pulling out my body wash and wash cloth, and tossing the bag on the bench next to the shower as I stepped in. I turned the water on hot and stepped under the flow. My muscles were tired from the workout and the hot water felt great. I squeezed a little body wash onto the washcloth and started lathering my body. I wanted to make sure I got good and clean, just in case he took the bait and wanted to go for a drink, and maybe more later.

I was slightly startled when the shower door opened but immediately knew it was him before I even turned around and looked. And I didn't mind.

"Need somebody to wash your back?" he asked. He was standing in the doorway completely naked with one hand resting on the door frame in a completely casual manner like he belonged there. I guess I could have been offended that he was so forward, but I had wanted him again for months and now I was going to have him.

"Oh my," I said with a little mock indignation but taking a step towards him so we were almost touching. "What kind of girl do you think I am?" I ran my fingertips up his sweaty arm, stopping at his shoulder. I flattened my palm and ran my hand across his chest, feeling my wet hand slip across those muscles he had been working so hard on. I licked my lips while looking directly into his eyes.

"Oh I remember exactly what kind of girl you are," he said with a laugh.

I probably blushed as I lifted my face to his waiting for him to lean down to me and kiss me lightly on the lips. Those tiny kisses, just barely brushing lips at first, just kissing until I was so turned on that I thought I would scream if he didn't touch me. That slow build-up, all the time in the world. "I don't have anywhere to go," he would tell me as we laid across his bed and ran his lips over ever inch of my skin, teasing me, frustrating me, and making me beg for just a little more relief. And as he kissed me in the shower, I knew that nothing had changed. He still knew how to take his time to make sure that I was more turned on than I had ever been before moving even an inch forward.

He stepped into the shower with me, pushing me back under the flow of water before wrapping his arms around me and pulling me tight again. I could feel his erection trapped between our bodies, my hips involuntarily rolling forward to press against his hard cock.

He pulled away from me and picked up the body wash, squeezing some into my hand. I rubbed my hands together, then pressed my palms flat to his chest. The soap made my hands glide over his body. I spread the soap over his skin, running my hands over his chest and stomach, then his back and shoulders, down his arms and back up again. My hands found their way down to his hips and across his tight butt. I pulled him to me with a grin, loving the feeling of his soapy skin under my hands. Then I circled around to his hard cock, gliding my hands down the length of it, stroking it up and down with one hand while cradling his balls in the other hand. I was watching his face, watching his eyes shut and a little shudder run through his body as he swayed a little. Then his eyes popped open and his hands went to mine, pushing them off his hard cock.

"You have to stop that," he said. "I have other plans for that.

I laughed. I knew I could make him cum with my hands. Or better yet, rinse off the soap and wrap my lips around the head of his hard cock. I knew that I could kneel in front of him with the water flowing over us and run my tongue around the head of his cock, very slowly, then slide my lips down the length of his cock until the head was pressed against the back of my throat. I could suck him into my mouth slowly, then run my tongue against the underside until it was resting against the mushroom head of his throbbing cock. Licking painstakingly slow as his hands went to my head, his fingers tangling in my hair, guiding me slowly up and down on his hard cock until he cums in my mouth, holding it deep while he shot loads of sticky salty cum across the back of my tongue.

I knew I could.

But I knew he wouldn't let me. Not right now.

With all of the soap rinsed off our bodies, he pressed himself tight against me and kissed me harder. I stretched up on my tiptoes, lifting my leg a little, guiding his hard cock between my legs instead of straight up between us. It wasn't a position for penetration, but he could feel my wet pussy lips against the top of his cock. He thrust slightly, just an involuntary reaction. Feeling the smooth head of his cock rubbing against my wet opening made me want him inside of me. He must have felt the same way because he stepped towards me, guiding me backwards until my back was against the cool tile wall. His hands were all over my body, stroking my breasts, squeezing my nipples, and we were both worked up into a frenzy of desire.

I knew I could make this easier if I turned around, bending from the waist. He could press his hard cock against the opening of my wet pussy, grab me by the hips, and slide in hard and deep that way. But I didn't want to make it easier. I wanted to stand face to face so I could watch his eyes as he slid into me for the first time in so long. I wanted to see the look on his face when he plunged the full length in deep.

The good thing about those public showers is that they have hand rails for safety. And in this case, I needed something to hold on to. I spread my legs slightly as he pressed me against the wall, kissing me, touching my, using his fingers to spread my labia apart and feel how warm and wet I was inside. I grabbed the hand rail with my right hand and lifted my left leg, hooking it over his hip, wrapping it around his waist. Without ever breaking that passionate kiss, his right hand caught the back of my left thigh, lifting a little further. The head of his cock was pressed against my wet pussy. I wanted to thrust forward, to take him inside of me, but I knew he had to come to me. He pulled his lips away from mine, looking into my eyes. He paused for just a second and grinned that grin of a mischievous little boy who was about to be very bad. His hands went to the wall, my leg still lifted with my knee draped over his right elbow. I held my breath, almost giddy with anticipation. This has always been my favorite part. Worked up into a frenzy of desire, pushed to the edge, knowing that one step will send me falling over the edge, knowing that his next move is going to be a smooth deep thrust ending when he hits bottom as deep as he can go, knowing that this first stroke will send waves of indescribable pleasure through my body He paused and smiled and I knew he was there too, savoring that feeling of anticipation before taking the plunge. He lowered his face to mine, not quite touching, not quite kissing, locking gazes..... then pushed forward. One smooth deep stroke, burying his hard cock all the way to the balls as he pressed me to the wall with a little grunt.

This could have been a night of slow tender exploration, but it wasn't. We were both too excited before we ever took our clothes off to drag out the build-up a minute longer. He pressed his lips to mine, not exactly in a kiss, crushing my lips under his as he started pounding his hard cock into my wet pussy, pressing me to the wall. The first wave of pleasure hit me on the first stroke and didn't stop as he kept thrusting deep inside of me. I could feel him lifting my leg higher, spreading me open further, giving me the access he wanted. My face went to his neck, pressing my lips to his wet flesh to muffle my cries of pleasure.

He kept pulling out the length of his hard cock so the head was barely inside of me then thrusting hard and deep, over and over. My clit was trapped between us, being pounded hard with every stroke. I could feel it, that huge orgasm that would leave me unable to stand, building with every stroke. I was shaking, glad I had the wall to lean on, and he could tell that I wasn't going to last. His lips pressed to my cheek, sliding towards my ear. He was whispering to me, first just muttering words of appreciation.... "Fuck, that feel so good.... so hot.... so wet...." Then closer to his climax, losing control, his teeth grazing my skin as he growled into my ear, "You like it deep, don't you?" then more, thrusting hard, "Take my cock, slut, take it all," as he pressed me to the wall fucking me hard and deep.

Hearing his voice while he fucked me against the wall pushed me over the edge. I was cumming, screaming, biting his shoulder trying to keep from screaming, knowing I was about to collapse, but feeling him throbbing, that little pause then a deep thrust, his hands pressing my shoulders to the wall keeping me from sliding down while he fucked me, those last few strokes his own rhythm, his own pleasure, before feeling the flow of his hot cum inside of me, filling me up, and running down my thighs.

We stumbled to the little bench to the side of the shower and I closed my eyes and leaned my head on his shoulder.

"Wow," I said with a smile. Then silence while I caught my breath.

He slid one hand between my legs feeling his cum oozing out and said, "You are all sticky. You need a shower."

But I wasn't sure I had enough energy for another shower.