 "OK, what's wrong, Griff?" Manny asked on his cellphone.

"It's Kim," Griffin said. "Remember that hot girl we saw at that nude beauty contest several weeks ago?"

"Yeah, I remember, vaguely," Manny said, playing dumb. "What's up?"

"She went missing," Griff said. "The very night of the day we met her. Like all those missing girls we're hearing about on the news these days. I'm really worried about her."

"Why? You don't know her at all, except physically-I mean, minus a fuck, of course. Why should you care? She's just pussy."

"Manny, I'm not like you. Just 'cause I'm turned on by a girl doesn't mean I can't see she's a human being, too."

"You're such a fuckin' virgin, Griff. Hand-fucking, I mean."

"I am not! I've been with a few girls."

"Liar."

"Oh, fuck you, Manny! I care about her. You don't care about anybody but yourself."

"She doesn't care about you, you naive fool. She only cares about your money. That's the only reason she was nice to you."

"There was more to our relationship than that."

"'Relationship': for fuck sakes," Manny coughed laughs into his phone.

"You weren't in the VIP room with her, Manny."

Oh, yes I was, Manny thought. Ain't tellin', though. 

"When I was with her in there, she let me finger her till she came. Let me put my fingers inside her, even after she told me we weren't allowed to do that. She wasn't faking when she came, either. I licked her come off my hands. Really."

"Sure you did."

"Asshole! She likes me," Griff protested.

"In your dreams," Manny said.

"You don't wanna believe me? Fine. But I wanna find her. She seems to have a troubled life. Her parents are real shits."

Manny yawned into his cellphone.

"She seemed like such a goddess when I first met her: so cool and confident with her body. But when I met her parents, I got the feeling they abused her, maybe even raped her."

How is all this my problem? Manny thought. I've got a business to run. I don't have time for all this drama.

"She must have a lot of pain inside her," Griff said. "She isn't the goddess I thought she was. She's human, like the rest of us."

Wow, Manny thought. My simple-minded brother figured that out all by himself. "So, what do you want me to do about it, Romeo?"

"You haven't seen her anywhere, have you?"

"Of course not," Manny lied. "Why would I have?"

"I don't know. Maybe you were thinking of selling her your Youth Cream, so she'd stay young forever."

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

"I don't need a hot model for my whole life, Manny. A girl doesn't have to be a beauty queen for me. She just has to have a good heart."

"Aww, you're so sweet and sensitive. University political correctness has programmed you well."

"Look, if you ever see her, tell me, OK?" Griff growled. "Bye!" He hung up his cellphone and stormed out of his (and his parents') house. Manny's such an asshole, he thought as we walked about his neighbourhood to cool off. 

Manny put his cellphone in his pocket and walked towards Kim's room, where he could hear her moaning. 

Should I involve Griff in my business? he wondered. He wouldn't approve of my girl-snatching, but he sure wants my Commodity. Maybe if I get him to agree to keep his mouth shut about my business, I'll give her to him in return. Then again, he needs a job, and I can give him one in addition to her. With that useless English literature degree of his, he can't just live at home with Mom and Dad for the rest of his life.

When Manny reached the door to Kim's room, he noticed that her moans seemed violent, as if she'd hurt herself. He swung open the door and saw her, naked as usual, lying on the floor...with blood all over her left foot.

"What the hell did you do?" he said, rushing over. He saw a smear of blood on the wall by her bleeding toes. "She must have kicked the wall. In her stoned state, she was out of control. But the pain has woken her up a bit. Fuck! Now she's out of MY control." He got a small jar of Cream from out of his jacket pocket, took off the lid, and dipped two fingers in it. "It's a good thing Cream heals wounds quickly, too. So many surprise side-effects in my invention." He grabbed her foot. "Convenient."

She shook her leg, trying to free her foot from his grasp. "Get me...out of here," she said with the articulation of a drunken woman, for she was still a little woozy from Cream's intoxicating effects. "I want out. Bastard! Let me go! Griff!" 

With effort, he managed to hold her foot still enough to wipe some Cream on her toes, where the cut was. She immediately began to grow more and more docile, high, and a little horny. Her movements were slowing down. "Good," he said, wiping more on her foot. "That's it."

"Griff...Griff," she moaned, her head moving in circles and her eyes half shut. "Griff...save me."

"So, you like my brother, eh?" Manny said with a smirk. "I can't have you rebelling like this all the time now, can I? That's potentially dangerous for my business. Maybe I need a new-"

Suddenly, he felt a nearby broomstick fall on his head. 

"Ow!" He rubbed his head, noting that the broomstick had been lying against the wall just behind him. "Things keep hitting me on the head whenever I'm with you." Could there be other side-effects in Cream I don't know about? he wondered as he started rubbing Cream on her legs. No, that couldn't be. Telekinesis? My Cream causing that? Ridiculous.

He dipped his fingers in more Cream and started getting it on her belly and breasts. Her nipples were pointy, and she was grinning and breathing more heavily. Her injury had already perfectly healed. She was back in his control. 

"Still, I'd better get a new demo," he said, turning her over and rubbing Cream on her ass, anus, and pussy. He slid a Cream-soaked finger up her cunt, massaging her wet walls and going all the way in. He spread more on her swollen labia and hard clitoris, making her squeal, sigh, and squirm all over the floor.

Then he got some more Cream on his index finger and rubbed it against her anus-lips, coaxing the hole open and sliding his finger inside her rectum, inch by inch. Soon his finger was all the way in, smearing Cream all over her anal walls. The tingling on her rectal and vaginal walls was bringing her close to orgasm.

"Griff...Griff," she sighed, "Make love...to me, Griff. Oh!"

"You like that, eh, baby?" Manny grunted, getting hot himself from the effects of the Cream on his fingers and from her body.

"Yeah...Ah!" she screamed, then came. "Oh..." Her cream mixed with his Cream.

"That felt good, didn't it?" he said, then he thought: If Griffin has her, she should be safe, since she obviously likes him. I'll give him free Cream even if he doesn't wanna join my business. He'll have the woman of his dreams, and she'll be out of my hands. No more worrying about resistance from her. I guess he wasn't lying about her on the phone after all. Anyway, if I can get rid of her, then I can get another girl, one who doesn't know me at all, who can't identify me, and everything should be OK. I'll give Griff another call after I give her a shower with my Creamy soap and shampoo.

****************

An hour later, he called Griffin.

"Hey, Griff," Manny said on his cellphone. "Wanna come over to my new place? I know it's a long drive from where you are, but you'll like it here, I promise you."

"Well, that's nice, Manny," Griff said. "Thanks for the invite, but I really just wanna find Kim."

"At this time of night?" Manny said. "It's almost two in the morning."

"Yeah, I know, but I can't sleep," Griff said. "I'll be up all night for sure."

"Then why don't you come over for the night. I have a business proposition for you. You'll be rich."

"Your Cream is selling well, eh? It's not really my field, though; I have no head for business."

"It doesn't have to be 'your field'. Griff, you don't have a field. You don't even have a job at McDonald's, for fuck sakes. You have no future, and no direction in your life. You think your fuckin' poems are gonna sell? Come on, I'm giving you the opportunity of a lifetime. You'll be rich beyond your wildest dreams."

"I'm skeptical."

"Come to my new mansion, and you'll have all the proof you need."

"You live in a MANSION now?"

"Yes. And if you come over tonight, I'll give you a free gift. A big surprise. But you have to act now."

"Sounds like you're trying to sell me something, Manny."

"Not at all. A free gift. If you come tonight."

"Normally, I'm the gift-giver. You're the money-maker."

"Well, we'll switch roles tonight. I'll give you a gift, and you'll be making money with me. What do you say, Griff?"

"All right. What's the address?"

*************

An hour later, Griff arrived, and Manny led him in the front door. The place was, indeed, a palace, with priceless antique furniture everywhere, and old paintings on all the walls.

"Holy shit!" Griff said. "Your Cream got you all this?"

"Yes," Manny said. "And it can give you all this, too. Just be my business partner, and you'll be set up for life." He led Griff to a large room on the second floor. Behind the door of the room he could hear moaning.

"What's that?" Griff asked.

"Your surprise," Manny said with a grin. "Open the door."

"That's a woman. A human being can't be a prize. I'm not sure of this."

"You'll like what you see. I promise."

"Well, OK," Griff said, opening the door. 

And there she was, on a couch.

Kim.

Totally naked, as always.

And grinning a greeting for him.

"Griff," she said, holding her arms out to him. She got up.

"Kim?" he said, grinning back his joy at finally seeing her again. "You found her, Manny?"

"Yes," Manny said. "After our phone call, I went for a drive down Yonge Street. I got out of my car by a park and took a walk. Then I saw her in an alley: she was as stoned then as she is now, with a bunch of junkies. Remembering how much you've been worried about her, I took her here. Cleaned her up. Even put some Cream on her, so she'll stay young for you. You're right, by the way: she likes you."

"Griff," she said, approaching him with staggering steps.

"She's been calling your name all night," Manny said.

"Really?" Griff asked, grabbing her arm to break her fall.

"Yes, she loves you," Manny said. "Listen for yourself."

"Griff...you came...to save me," she sighed, then put her arms around him and kissed him. He put his hands on her bottom.

"Save you?" he asked, his erection pointing at her. "The drugs she's on must be to help her forget the pain of her parents. Those drugs must be really powerful."

"Yeah," Manny said. "But go ahead. Have some fun with her. She wants you."

"Really?" Griff asked, a tear of relief going down his cheek.

"Well, duh," Manny said, walking away to the door. "I'll leave you two lovebirds alone. After you're done, come meet me in my lab down the hall to the left. We'll talk business then." He went out and closed the door.

"I found you, Kim," Griffin said, unzipping his pants.

"You love me," she moaned. "You came...to get me...out of here."

"Yeah," he said. "Whatever you mean by that."

He sat on a chair and got his hard dick through the open zipper hole, pointing up at her. She stood before him, ready to sit on it.

"Are you sure you want a fuck from me?" Griff asked her. "I mean, you're really high. I want your consent to be real. You've been fucked over before, if I understand correctly."

She got her legs around his and slowly lowered herself on his cock. As soon as the tip made contact with her dripping cunt, both of them felt the tingles.

"Holy shit," he panted. "I'm finally gonna lose my virginity."

"You're finally...gonna love...my vagina," she sighed, thinking she was echoing his words. She came down some more, feeling his cock poke its way inside her. "Oh!"

"Unh!" he grunted as he went in another inch or two further. "That feels...amazing. Oh!" He was in half-way now.

"Ah!" she squealed as she felt him get in another inch. Finally, she sat on his lap and felt his cock go all the way in. "Ooh!"

She began bouncing on him, his cock making slurping sounds as it went in and out of her soaking cunt. She looked in his eyes, trying to focus as best she could, smiling at him the whole time. And yes, she was really with him. Her hallucinating was finally corresponding with reality. And Cream or no Cream, she was getting horny because of him.

As he moved his hands all over her skin, he felt a slightly oily substance on her. Correctly assuming it was Cream, he still assumed it would only keep her young-looking; though he was feeling a horniness that seemed to be coming from the Cream, and not only from his lovemaking.

"Griff...take me...out of here...Save me...from him."

"Save you...from Manny?"

"Yes...Oh!"

"But he...rescued you...didn't he? Ah!"

"No...Manny...kidnapped me. Ah!"

That can't be, Griffin thought. She's too stoned to know what she's thinking. My brother's a lot of awful things, but not that. Still, he said before that he hadn't seen her...and now, conveniently, he has?

Griffin decided to worry about Manny in a minute: making love with Kim was too thrilling to be interrupted from it! 

He cupped her breasts in his hands and gave them gentle squeezes. She rubbed her hands on his chest, searching for his nipples under his shirt. He moved his hands down to her ass, opened the crack, and rubbed a finger against her anus. Both of them were about to come.

She reached forward and kissed him hard on the mouth. Their tongues were entwined, and slithering over and under each other. Her vaginal walls were sizzling with excitement. His cock felt like a tower of steel, he was so hard.

"I'm gonna...come," he panted. "Oh!"

"Me, too," she sighed. "Ah!"

They both orgasmed at the same time, then they hugged each other tight, her arms and legs wrapped around him. As they calmed down and caught their breath, they slowly rocked back and forth, kissing each other on the cheek.

"I...love you," she moaned.

"I love you, too, Kim," he said. "I'm so...happy...you're safe."

He got up off the chair, her still clinging to him. She even had her legs around his waist, so he was holding her up for the moment. Glue couldn't have been stuck to him better than her.

"Please, Kim," he said. "I've gotta put you down and zip myself up." He put her down, but she was still hugging him.

He put his dick back in his pants and zipped them up. She was hanging on his left arm now. 

"OK, Kim," he said, taking her hands off his arm. "I've gotta go talk business with my brother. But I'll be back for you soon." He began walking toward the door.

"Then you'll...rescue me...from Manny?" she asked in slurs. 

He looked back at her with a frown while opening the door. Rescue her from Manny? he thought. That's the second time she said that. I think she means that. His junkie alley story's a lie, for sure.

He left the room, shut the door, and found Manny in that lab down the hall, the door to it wide open so the brothers could see each other.

"Ah, Griff," Manny said. "You came, and you've come. Feels good not to be a virgin anymore, eh?"

"Yeah," Griffin said with a chuckle as he entered the room. In it was a large table with all of Manny's equipment for making Cream: the large glass apparatus for synthesizing the various chemicals, the books with all his research notes, and about a dozen jars of Cream.

In one corner of the room was a television and a pile of DVDs showing video of all his experiments over the years. In another corner were boxes of Party Packs.

"I'll be with you in a minute, Griff," Manny said as he was collecting a set of writings to give Griff, writings that introduced Cream and explained the whole business to anyone interested in being a seller.

Griffin picked up a jar of Cream and removed the lid. His brother's back was to him, so he could explore his growing suspicions freely. He dipped two fingers in the Cream, and instantly began to feel horny. Startled, he brought the jar up to his nose. One quick whiff of Cream made him feel tingly all over, like being on ecstasy. His vision blurred and grew colourful.

He immediately took the jar away from his face, put the cap back on, and ripped some paper towels off a roll conveniently within reach on the table. After wiping his fingers dry, his horny high subsided. Now he knew what Manny was up to.

I always wondered why Manny hadn't gone public sooner with Cream, since its age-stopping effects on himself were so obvious years ago, Griffin thought. I also know why he's become rich so quickly, but hasn't told Mom or Dad about it. 

He was diagnosed with Antisocial Personality Disorder twenty years ago, when he'd remorselessly plotted the deaths of our brothers and sisters, Griff continued thinking. To avoid a family scandal, Dad used the family's connections-our lawyer, now the Toronto mayor-and the local cops to convince everyone that the murders were just an accident; though we all know Manny hated the victims. 

Now he's modified Cream to drug women into being willing sex slaves for his lecherous customers, Griff thought. I'll bet he's using the same political connections to protect himself now. You'd think my psychopath brother's facial tic would tip people off about his true nature, but he has a charm that makes people forget his twitches. I've gotta stop him.

"OK, Griff," Manny said, the papers all in order now. "Here you are."

Griff took them from him with the most sincere-looking fake smile he could possibly muster. Don't let on that you're opposed to his plans, thought Griffin. Manny may lack empathy, but he can smell hostility to his schemes a mile away. Smile. Pretend to be as creepy as he is.

"So, did you have fun with Kim?" Manny asked. "What a hot body she has."

"Yeah," Griff said with a grin. "But she wasn't stoned in an alley, was she, Manny?" Griff raised his eyebrows and smiled as if he sympathized with his brother. 

"OK, I confess, that was a lame lie," Manny said. "The fact is, Cream is more than just a youth preserver. It's a drug for getting any woman you want to want YOU just as bad. Kim's too stoned to resist."

"I like that," Griff lied. "There's no way I could get Kim to like me as she normally is. I was just kidding myself with what I said before on the phone."

"That's OK, I understand. Look, I'll give her to you, to use as your own demo, or just keep for yourself, if you want. I can always get another girl to demo Cream with. And if we become business partners, I'll let you share the profits fifty-fifty, 'cause we're brothers. You'll be as rich as I am, bro! What d'you say?"

"OK. I'll do it." He shook Manny's hand.

"Alright. I gotta admit, I was worried you'd be 'morally outraged' about this. You, the sensitive liberal university boy. I guess Kim's pussy is too irresistible, eh?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

Manny turned around, his back to Griffin. "I'll give you a few Party Packs to sell to your future customers." As Manny was reaching for the boxes, Griff picked up that jar and scooped some Cream in his hand. Manny had three boxes in his hands and turned to face Griff. "And here you a-"

Griff smeared the Cream all over Manny's face, getting it in his nose and mouth. He smeared some in his ears, too. Manny dropped the boxes and fell on the floor, fidgeting in his horny high just as Kim had been.

Not knowing how long the Cream high would last, Griffin had to think fast. First, he pushed the glass apparatus onto the floor, shattering it. Then he grabbed Manny's books and all the Party Pack boxes he could carry in one trip, and rushed them out of the house and into his car. 

"Sorry, Manny," he said to himself as he rushed back into the house for Kim. "I can't let you continue with this awful business. It's all gotta be destroyed, so you can't make more Cream."
