 In most people's lives there are experiences that engrave themselves into their soul. I have several such sexual experiences, that; even years later, cause me to experience increased desire as they replay in the theater of my mind. I will share these true stories from time to time, with the hope that you enjoy them as much as I did living them.

The month of July of my 38th year found me single following a marriage of fourteen years. I moved to a luxury apartment complex two miles from my retail store, which allowed freedom to be close to business in the event of problems, but also to spend much more time enjoying Summer activities while the hired help kept things on an even keel.

During the next two weeks I met most of my neighbors, predominately single guys and young married couples just getting established in their careers. I found little in common with the majority of them. However in a ground floor apartment in the next building lived a single lady, we had spoken several time as we left the complex or returned from work; I had the distinct feeling that she was attached, but had never seen a male coming or going from her apartment.

Jill was about 28, 5-5, 115 pounds with short brown hair, blue eyes, a few freckles framing her pixie-looking nose. She had nice sized breasts, guessed about a 34B; but I was hard pressed to decide if the best view was coming or going, as her ass was as perfect as a sculptor could create. With her soft southern accent, I found my self getting hard during casual conversation; but, thinking that I would be fishing in another man's pond, I kept my distance.

On the last Saturday of July, with the forecast for temperatures into the triple digits, I left for my store to process the daily receipts and make a bank deposit. As I backed out of my garage, I noticed Jill has taken a recliner and was tanning next to her apartment; she was laying face down, wearing a bikini that did little to hide her beautiful globes. I beeped the car horn as I left and was rewarded with a backhanded wave.

I returned home after three hours and saw that Jill was still on her recliner, in spite of the glaring afternoon sun and temperatures that had exceed the century mark. I fixed myself a tall iced tea, along with a second for my neighbor. When I stood next to her, I could see that she had severely burned her back and legs, I called to her, "Jill...Jill...Jill!!!" 

She raised up slowly, having fallen asleep in the sun; and when she turned on her back she quickly gave an exclamation of pain. "What will I do now?" she demanded, "I am a clothing buyer for a chain of stores and as suppose to try on a dozen different ladies suits tomorrow; with this burn, it will be torture!"

"I've got some salve that I bought from a pharmacist in Florida last Summer, it's his private formula; I think it might save you from an ugly burn and cure the pain." I offered. "If you would like me to put it on your back, take a shower and change; I'll be home." I turned and went to my apartment to find the magic formula.

I about a half-hour I answered the doorbell to find Jill freshly showered and wearing a powder blue bikini, she handed me her iced tea glass as she entered my apartment. I refilled her glass, and spread a blanket on the floor.

Without being asked, she laid face down on the blanket, "I sure hope that stuff you have helps with this sunburn; I can't believe I fell asleep in the sun."

I sat on the floor next to her legs, being aware of the sexy female that was so close, but being more interested in helping with her problem than seducing her. I began applying the salve to the backs of her legs, gently rubbing the first of the salve until it disappeared and then recoating her legs with more of the formula. As I worked the salve into the back of her thighs, I heard a soft moan escape from her lips and noticed that she pressed her hips into the floor. As I reached her upper thighs, she slowly spread her legs to give me access to the insides. This gave me a clear view of the crotch of her bikini bottoms, along with where the powder blue had turned dark with the fluids from her excitement. The unmistakable scent of a woman aroused began to reach my brain, and my cock responded by swelling in my shorts.

Moving up to apply the treatment to her back, I first allowed my fingers to gently brush her crotch; in response, Jill ground her mound into the floor with an "oooh" escaping from her lips. I was applying more salve to her back when she undid her bikini top and laid it next to her on the floor, saying "take the bottoms off too, just so you don't miss any skin." She raised her hips as I gently slid the bottoms down her legs and off, laying them next to her top, but first raising them to my nose to inhale her scent from the now soaked crotch.

My naked neighbor laying on my floor, I removed my shirt and shorts. I straddled her upper thighs and began applying the to salve to her back. My cock was as hard as it had ever been, with moisture appearing at the tip. It rested on her ass and moved along her crease as I worked on her back. Jill responded by moving her hips with my movements, accompanied by sweet little sounds deep in her throat. I moved back a little, placed my hands on her hips and pulled gently upward. Jill followed my lead and raised her hips off of the floor, reaching back she found my manhood and guided me to her wet pussy. She moved the head along her slit until it was properly positioned; we then moved toward each other as my cock opened her channel as it entered to hottest, tightest place it had ever been.

The sexual tension was so high that in less than twenty strokes Jill yelled, "Oh my God, I'm coming, I'm coming, fuck me deep!" I held on to her hips as her body convulsed in spasms from head to toe, fluids pulsed along my cock as her pussy walls rippled along it's length. I tightened by pelvic muscles to keep from ejaculating while experiencing a tremendous shared orgasm. When we both came back to earth, I began slowing stroking my cock in and out of her wonderful center, as she met my thrusts. My second orgasm was building toward a tremendous climax, when Jill said, "Let me know when you're going to come, I want it all in my mouth." That statement pushed me over the edge, I pulled out, yelling, "Now!" Jill turned around, took my cock into her mouth and with her hands and mouth brought me to the point of no return; four, five, six, seven, eight, full contractions shot my cum into her loving mouth. Jill smiled at me as I could see her throat swallowing the fruits of our lovemaking. She then took my cock and extended her tongue to capture the last drops she could draw from me.

I eased her back to the floor, admiring the breasts that I had not seen before; they were as perfect as I had imagined. I held each in my hand, and bent to lick the perfect contours and kiss the hard nipples; knowing I needed some time to before we could make love again, I kissed her and shared remaining taste of my cum in her mouth.

We both fell asleep on the floor of my apartment, with me waking first. I fired up the grill and cooked us two steaks and corn on the cob, which made for a perfect meal.

Following our meal, I looked Jill in the eye, took her hand and led her to the bedroom. We stood next to the bed and kissed and stroked each other until I was sporting a erection and her juices were running down her legs. We laid on the bed with me between her legs, getting my first clear look at the center of her pleasure. Her pussy was as perfect as her breasts; her hair was neatly trimmed, the outer lips medium thin and clearly defined; the glistened with moisture and looked like they demanded to be kissed.

I kissed and licked my way up Jill's legs, teasing with my tongue just outside her lower lips. As much for me as for her, I could not delay placing my mouth on her pussy and using my tongue to gather her fluids to enjoy their tart-sweet taste; I licked her from bottom to tap, teasing her clitoris with every pass. Her hips were beating on my mouth as I tried to stay with her as her orgasm demanded release. I placed my hand just above her pubic bone and drew the skin upward, further exposing her clit from it's hood; this resulted in a scream from Jill and a rippling convulsion of the muscles in her torso and legs, along with a flood of fluids that I had to swallow to keep up with.

When her climax had passed, I inserted the first two fingers of my right hand into her vagina, feeling the swollen area on the front wall; I massaged the area while kissing and licking every square inch of skin I could reach. Without warning, Jill let out a yell, not words, just sounds, and came with an intensity I had never before seen; accompanied by much more fluid soaking the bed.

I moved up between her legs and placed my seven inch cock, which felt like it was twelve inches long, between her swollen lips and entered her with one steady stroke. I remained fully inside her, flexing my muscles to cause my cock to more inside her. We moved together as a well-oil machine, with no desire to experiment with other positions. Our pace increased until we were banging against each other and the headboard was hitting the wall.

My orgasm came first with several strong contractions coming from deep inside, these triggered Jill's climax and we enjoyed that which many are never able to share. We rolled onto our side and drifted to sleep.

Jill and I remained neighbors for two more years, sharing incredible sex, not always as intense as the first time together, but tremendous sharing and caring for each others needs and pleasure.