 The bar was quite crowded and buzzing on this Friday night. Good looking men and women were engaging in the ritual flirting and chatting with strangers and friends.

Janet was keeping an eye on the front door and saw her friend Sue enter and cast her gaze about the crowded room. When they made eye contact Janet waved her over to the booth she was occupying with two other women.

"Thanks for coming." Janet said to Sue, while sliding over towards the wall in the booth.

"No problem, you said it was important."

Sue slid into the booth next to her friend and opposite two other young women, one of whom she had met before, and one whom she had not. One of the women, the one she hadn't met, had a look of simmering rage that made Sue slightly uncomfortable. 

"Freddie told me he has to work late tonight so he's not going to be able to meet with me until later. I told him you and I were getting together so he's going to stop by here to pick me up. I'm really looking forward to some of his special attention tonight if you know what I mean."

When Sue said this she stuck out the tip of her tongue and wiggled it provocatively to indicate to Janet that she was expecting a wonderful session of Freddies pussy eating talents.

Girl talk can be very much like boy talk and the two good friends had shared a lot about men they had dated in the past.

Janet glanced across the booth at the two other young women in the booth. They simultaneously nodded for Janet to begin this somewhat delicate conversation.

"Sue, hmm, not quite sure how to tell you this but Freddie has been at least two timing you and probably three timing or more." Janet began to a stunned Sue.

"What! No way! You're just jealous because you didn't snag him first."

"Hear me out girlfriend. I know this is hard info to get your head around and I admit that I was a bit jealous at first but he really is doing you dirty."

Sue sat open mouthed, her face reddening, while Janet continued, "I believe you've met my friend Rachel. This is her friend Tara. The two of them work together and Tara was as pissed as you are about to be, to. have heard what you are about to hear."

Rachel interjected, "Sue, hear us out. Janet was telling me about your new man and describing some of what you had shared with her about him and I had to stop her mid sentence. I told her that sounds a lot like Taras' new man."

Tara sat beside Rachel, obviously fuming, and nodded her agreement.

The four women were all attractive, twenty something, and single. The bar was crowded with their type as well as men on the make for just that type.

Tara asked. "Does he always see you on only on Friday nights?"

Sue looked at the redhead and said, "Yeah, so what?"

"Never on a Saturday, right?"

"Again, so what? He's busy on Saturdays and Sundays. He goes out of town to look after his aging mom."

"He's out of town alright, but it's me he's been looking after and not any aging mother."

Sue looked stunned as she absorbed this and Tara continued. "He's been seeing me on Saturday and sometimes Sunday. I once asked him to join me for an office party Friday after work but he said he was busy. Had to look in on his mom.

Right! 

At least he's consistent with his bullshit excuses."

"Are you sure you have the right guy?" Sue asked.

"He told me we were exclusive and he didn't want me dating anyone else. I believed him totally. "

"Oh I have the right guy alright. Before you came in Janet showed me a picture of you two on her phone. I'm so done with him. He gave me the same story about exclusivity that he gave you. Good riddance I say. I will miss the sex though. Best head I ever got. Since our second date the first thing he would do when we got to his place or mine was rip down my panties and go to town on me till I came at least twice."

Tara went on.

"I figure he thought he could get away with this scam for a good long while since I live two towns over and it would be unlikely we knew each other. What he didn't count on was me working in the same office as Rachel and Rachel being a college friend of your bestie there."

Tara continued. "I wanted to go over to his place and rip his dick off when I first heard about that cheating bastard a couple of days ago but Rachel talked me down.

After she calmed me down she introduced me to Janet, whose brother works with Freddie, and we all came up with a good revenge plan that gets back at a couple of deserving assholes. 

Do me a favor and listen to it. After you have heard us out, if you don't want to go through with our plan you can call off your date tonight with Freddie. 

I will then put it into play tomorrow night when he is supposed to be seeing me."

********

At a corner of the bar, not far from this booth, two men stood and observed the four women conversing. 

The taller of the two said to his companion, "We should know in a few minutes if it's a go or not."

The other man said nothing in response to this at first. He stood nervously still, darting glances over the rim of his beer mug at Sue as he had been doing since she first joined the other three.

"I don't know if I can go through with this Jack. What if she doesn't want me? What if I can't get it up? What if Helen finds out?"

"Fuck Helen! She has been cuckolding you with this asshole Freddie for months and believe me, if this goes as planned, it's the perfect revenge."

Jack continued, "Getting your dick wet in that pretty young blond may be just what you need to finally get the balls to divorce your bitch of a wife. As for the blond not wanting you , not to worry.

I have it on good authority that the redhead will do you tomorrow if plan A is a no go."

Peter stood listening to his friend and unconsciously reached down to touch his hardening erection. He looked over at the young blond and redhead in the booth and knew now that getting it up should not be a problem with either of them. He did not think of himself as being in the same league as any of these stunners.

The only woman in the booth he had ever met was Janet, who was Jacks younger sister. 

Peter and Jack worked at the same firm as Freddie and Jack had related in confidence to his sister some of the details of his friend Peters dilemma regarding his wife Helen as well as Freddies part in that.

*************

In the booth Sue had listened attentively to the plan Janet had been outlining and she took the opportunity once or twice to glance over to where Jack and Peter were standing.

Janet had pointed the two men out to her and Sue was pleasantly surprised to see that Peter was not a bad looking guy even if he was a bit on the nebish side. He was a few years older than her but she did get a little turned on by the prospect of practically popping a cherry.

If what Janet was telling her about him and about what his wife and Freddie had put the poor fella through then he was as entitled as she was to giving Freddie his comeuppance.

Janet, Rachel and Tara had worked out the rough outline of their plan two days ago and then enlisted Jack to help.

Jack had told Peter what they had planned a few hours before meeting him here and insisted that tonight he wear the boxer shorts that Helen had gotten for him as a Christmas gag gift.

***********

Janet caught her brothers eye and motioned the two men over to join them in the booth.

Introductions were made and Janet asked her brother if he had the key.

Jack responded in the affirmative and showed it to her.

"Mike owed me a favor and he only wanted to hear the story later as payment."

Mike was the owner of the bar and the key Jack held in his hand was to the office/storeroom at the back of the bar. He was not in house tonight but trusted Jack to be responsible with his place.

Sue felt her phone buzz and looked at the text.

It was from Freddie.

BE THERE IN 30 MINUTES

Tara looked over and saw the message and immediately texted Freddie from her phone.

MISS YOU BABY! MISS YOUR BIG DICK AND WONDERFUL TONGUE.

From Freddie.

MISS YOU TOO

From Tara.

WHY CAN'T I SEE YOU TONIGHT. I'LL GIVE YOU MY ASS. I KNOW YOU WANT IT.

From Freddie.

NO CAN DO.

GOTTA STAY WITH MY MOM TONIGHT.

BE BACK IN TOWN TOMORROW. LOVE A RAIN CHECK ON THAT BUTTHOLE THOUGH. I'LL DREAM OF YOU TILL THEN.

"That shit!!" Tara exclaimed.

The others had been observing the texts as she had her phone face up on the booth table and there were nods all around in agreement as to Taras assessment of Freddie as a shit.

"I'm so in for this plan if you're not." Tara said to Sue, while running her hand up Peters thigh.

Peter had seated himself next to her in the booth when the men had come over and he startled at the contact but felt his cock harden further.

"Besides," she continued, "He's kind of cute don't you think?"

Sue did think he was kind of cute but not as good looking as the hunk sitting next to her. She had never met Janets older brother but his handsome features as well as the way he obviously cared about his friend were turn ons. She wished he was on the revenge menu tonight but was primed to go with Peter. Anything to get that shit Freddie his just deserts.

"I'm in." She said to all.

"Great." Said Janet. "Now let me have your phone so I can send a text to Freddie. It's important that we bait the trap just right."

*********

Freddie was stepping out of the shower after a quick rinse to wash the pussy smell from his face and groin when the text came. He read it while toweling himself dry and a voice coming from the bedroom asked him, "Want to go again lover man? I told that loser husband of mine not to be back till eleven. He was going to meet Jack and drown his sorrows I'm sure."

The voice was that of Helen, Peters wife, and the shower Freddie had stepped out of was their master bathroom shower.

Freddie looked out the bathroom door at the recently well fucked wife of his coworker and marveled that she had not bothered to wipe his cum from her face where she insisted he finish, depositing his load on her eager face after sucking and fucking her to several orgasms.

She had one time on a previous occasion wanted to kiss him after he had jacked off on her face but he was repulsed by the idea of even his own semen coming in contact with his face.

She was a hellcat though and very kinky. Why she settled for a nerd like Peter was a mystery to him.

He knew she was free to play around and had convinced her that he was available to her but that he did not want to risk his position in the company by making their affair public.

Peter was a hard worker and favored by upper management and Freddie having his playing around with Helen found out might put him in career jeopardy.

This was the excuse he gave her for not wanting to be seen in public with her and why they had only been together in this bedroom and once or twice at his place.

He glanced at the text on his phone.

It was from Sue. He was due to pick her up in twenty minutes and the bar was ten minutes away.

HI LOVER. REMEMBER HOW YOU TALKED ABOUT A THREESOME.

I HAVE A FRIEND THAT WANTS TO MEET YOU.

SHE'S HERE AT THE BAR AND I TOLD HER ALL ABOUT YOU.

SHE AND I PLAYED SOME IN THE PAST AND SHE SAW YOUR PIC AND THINKS YOU ARE HOT.

TONIGHT IS YOUR LUCKY NIGHT. WHAT DO YOU SAY WE MEET YOU AT THE CURB AND THEN STRAIGHT TO YOUR PLACE FOR SOME BOX LUNCH.

Freddie was stunned by his good fortune. 

WOWSA!!

He replied.

From Sue.

GREAT. TEXT WHEN YOU ARE OUT FRONT.

Freddie was stepping into his pants while Helen tried coaxing him back out of them. She scooped a dollop of cum from her cheek and getting up on the bed in doggy position facing away from him she coated the rim of her rosebud with it and wiggled her butt provocatively. 

Looking back over her shoulder at him she winked and said.

"Don't you want my ass lover man? You haven't had it in a few weeks and it's hungry for you." She scooped more cum from her face a licked it into her mouth swallowing it with a satisfied smack.

"Sorry baby but that text was from work. I have to meet one of the bosses to brief him about a big meeting next week. This is the only window he has open and I have to leave now."

He paused from buttoning his shirt to first caress and then spank her beautiful bum and said, "I do miss that ass and next week it's mine. Just let me know when you send Peter out bowling or whatever."

Helen reclined on her side, resigned to the fact that she could tempt him no further tonight, and said, "You'll never believe what that idiot put on tonight. Remember the underdog boxer shorts we got him as a gag gift. I told him to go out tonight with his friend and see if he might scare up some pussy for himself and that's what he decides to wear. If he ever got as far as undressing before a lady his shorts would put her into a laughing fit."

"You told him to get some pussy?" Freddie asked. 

"I've told him he's free to get some pussy on the side whenever he wants but he never will. He's incapable of attracting a woman. He's such a dweeb. 

He wanted me to stop our affair and I told him I wouldn't. I said I'd still give him his monthly sex but that he didn't do it for me anymore and that you were the only one able to push all my buttons. Not that he was ever really any good. Never marry a virgin. Never again. I've had affairs before in our marriage but they always fizzled out. You however, have talent lover man. Just keep that cock of yours exclusively for me and I'll never stop blowing your mind along with letting you blow your nut wherever you want."

"You got it baby. This rod's for you and only you."

With that Freddie stepped out of the bedroom and then out to his car, which would take him to two more eager and younger pussies.

********

After Janet had sent the last text from Sues phone she said to her brother, "Let's get going. There is no time to lose."

Jack got up, working his way through the crowd and with the others following closely behind he led the way past the restrooms to the office door in the back. He turned the key and entering the room turned on the light to illuminate the sparsely furnished space.

The six of them barely fit comfortably and Janet stood with her back to the closed door to insure they would not be interrupted. Sue peeled off her panties, sat on the edge of the office desk and began playing with her pussy to moisten it.

Rachel turned on her cell phone and opened the video function in preparation for her part in the plot.

Tara, for her part, unbuckled a stunned Peters belt and dropped his trousers to the ground. She was getting ready to peel down the underdog boxer shorts when Jack stopped her.

"He needs to keep them on. It's important that they be in the video."

Peters cock was softening a little from embarrassment but started to engorge again when the sexy redhead fished it and his balls out through the slot in front.

"We don't have much time. Is it alright if I help you along some? Janet told us you have only been with that cheating wife of yours. Is that true?"

In truth Tara was eager to try the somewhat shy older man she had just met. Without waiting for an answer she dropped to her knees and began licking and fondling his hardening penis.

"OOOH" Peter moaned when she took him into her mouth and began to bob up and down, taking him deeper each time, her red tresses flying about her head with her enthusiastic effort.

She squeezed the base when she tasted any precum so that he would not blow in her mouth. There was another place designated for the load she was busily working to a boil.

Janet was shocked to hear her brothers voice saying, "Mind if I help you get ready? We are a little tight on time."

He had worked his way over to the desk where Sue was working a moistening finger in and out of her pussy and had dropped to his knees, his face mere inches from her beautiful honeypot.

In response Sue took hold of his hair and pulled his face to her sex.

Janet was aghast and turned on all at the same time at the sight of her older brother munching the pussy of her good friend.

Rachel noted, when Tara came up for air, that Peters cock had a downward hook to it and was a nice size. It was the kind of cock that would do wonders on a g spot when taken doggy style she thought to herself and filed that away for future reference while also noting that the hook would make it very identifiable to a certain someone if the boxers failed to do the trick.

"Ten minutes." Janet said after looking at the text from Freddie on Sues phone.

BE THERE IN 10 MINUTES

Sue slid off the desk reluctantly because Jack had her close to coming and she did not know if she would ever have another chance to have him go down on her. He was almost as good as Freddie and had the added benefit of not being a lying shit.

Rachel started the phone video and got Sue from the waist down. Sue turned around and flipped up her pretty pink skirt to expose her beautiful rear end as well as a nice whale tail tramp stamp tattoo above her coccyx and another kissing lips tattoo on her right butt cheek. Rachel made sure to capture all of these details and then focused on Peters down turned cock thrust through the underdog boxer shorts as it approached Sues beckoning slit.

Rachel reached down with one hand to guide the excited Peter into only the second pussy he had ever been inside in his thirty two years.

Tara eagerly watched the action and had worked a hand inside her panties, playing with her excited pussy. Sucking Peter to readiness had turned her on and she decided that she would have a go with him after this was over.

Sue was bent over the office chair while Peter thrust in and out of her steaming pussy. His cock head contacted her near her g spot in the most delicious way and she knew she would come in minutes. She looked up to see Jack standing before her rubbing his hardon through his pants and she motioned him closer. She pulled down his pants and took him into her mouth even as she and Peter were nearing a massive orgasm. 

She came first, coating his cock with her girl juice and then Tara reached between Peters legs to tickle and stroke his balls as he emptied himself into her.

Rachel was getting all of this and was getting very turned on as well.

Jack was getting ready to pop and Sue came off his cock and told him to add his load to the one in her box.

Rachel stopped the video.

Peter had pulled out and Jack took his place and emptied himself into the sexy blond with two thrusts and a series of spasms signaling the emptying of another prodigious load.

Janet was so transfixed by the sight of her brothers cock, first being sucked and then emptying itself into her friend that she almost missed the text.

I'M OUTSIDE

"Gametime." Janet said. Rachel and Sue scurried out of the office and headed out a side door near the back of the bar. They headed around to meet Freddie waiting for them in his car at curbside.

When they got to the car Sue hopped into the back seat and said to him. I hope you don't mind my friend riding in front. It's a short ride and she wants to get to know you a little.

Sue needed to lay back a little and use her best kegel technique to keep two loads inside her for the short ride to Freddies place.

"Hi, I'm Miranda." Rachel said leaning over and kissing Freddie on the cheek while running her manicured fingers up his thigh and towards his crotch.

Freddie made the five minute drive to his condo in four minutes while ogling the attractive brunette.

She fondled his bulge through his pants while he asked her a few questions about herself.

Rachel talked him up and said that she wanted to sample the tongue Sue had been raving about.

"No problem ladies. There's plenty of me to go around."

Sue spoke up from the back seat. "Miranda and I have a bet going as to who can throat your cock the deepest. First though, I want to sit on your face and have you work that magic of yours on my puss while Miranda blows you. I'm so juicy thinking about it."
