 Was our usual. I'd meet Ujomo (Ujo for short) downtown and we'd spend the day together. He lived in the Bronx. I lived in Philadelphia. We lived separately and had separate lives, but were married. It'd been almost two years since the nuptials but this wasn't your average situation. He was African and been in the U.S. for a few years now. A mutual friend introduced us under the circumstances that Ujo needed something. I was in need of something too; money. 

We'd arranged this mutual situation almost three and a half years ago and so far, things had worked out perfectly. He'd be well on his way to being a proud citizen and I had the financial help that I'd desperately needed at the time.

He liked me and I knew it. I found him to be sweet and sincere, but having my own life meant I had my own lover. My personal life I kept extremely separate from the business we shared. But he knew. And my lover knew of him, but was never threatened, not that there was reason to be. To make a complicated story, short and sweet; I preferred pussy over dick...usually. On occasion, I craved the real thing...but never with Ujo - mixing business and pleasure has a way of making things messy, and I needed this palette to stay clean. 

We met at a small cafe and shared breakfast. I'd always found Ujo to be a decent-looking guy. I mean, he kept himself up, was a nice medium build, had adapted a pretty unique style and kept up with his grooming. When we talked, he made sure to give me eye contact. I mean, really listen. He'd often say that he thought I was special and that he felt deeper feelings for me. I'd politely shy away from delving too deep into the convo and remind him that our focus should be on the business aspect of our agreement. He'd nod his head. 

On this visit, we planned on shopping for business suits. He was starting a business with a friend of his and they were going to be traveling to meet potential clients and investors. He wanted an upgrade to his wardrobe so we headed to the mall to do just that. 

Once there, I grabbed four or five pieces and made him go try them on. I waited patiently as he stumbled out in one of the suits. It was grey; what they call a 'slender suit'. The blazer fit perfectly, but the pants seemed too tight, which drew my attention immediately to the large suffocating bulge in the crotch. I had to stop myself from staring. I looked up at him, he looked at me.

"Too small," we said, almost in unison. 

"I'll, um, look for a larger size." I said, before turning slowly. He nodded his head and headed back into the dressing room. 

As I searched, I couldn't help but recall the image of his suffocating dick in my head. I'd noticed before. Had casually glanced on other occasions and noted that he'd probably be packing just from the bump in the normal jeans he wore. Even then, what he'd been blessed with was pretty apparent. I'd be lying if I didn't say that a part of me wasn't curious. But as soon as the thoughts crept, I dismissed them. 

I managed to find another pair, a size above the ones he had. I took them back over and handed them to him. He came out with another suit on. This one was better; however, because of the "slim fit" no matter what, his package was a main attraction. He looked in the mirror; was happy with what he saw. I looked him up and down, trying not to linger at his crotch, but I was a little turned on. 

"Um, try on the other one again." 

He went back into the dressing room, while I looked at ties. When he came out, this one was better. To his liking. I thought they were still a little tight, even though buttoned and zipped. I started to realize he probably needed another size just for his crotch alone. 

"I like this. They feel good."

Someone had to address the "large elephant" in the room; if not him then me.

"You're...comfortable, everywhere?" I glanced south. He looked down and kind of grabbed at himself, not in a sexual way, but in an adjusting way. 

"Yeah, I think it works."

"Are you, sure? No discomfort, anywhere?" 

"No, I'm fine."

"Okay, try sitting." 

I was sure they might pop. 

He sat. Nothing. Only more bulging, which didn't bother him.

'Damn, women are gonna be drooling over him as soon as they see him in these', I thought to myself. I even found myself wanting to touch. So damn curious of what it looked like. How it felt. I shook my daydreaming and came back to reality.

"Okay. If you like it, I love it." I said with a smile that seemed a little too enthusiastic. 

He nodded and turned to go in and I noticed a part of his plump ass cheeks exposed from the top of his boxer briefs.

"Wait, here let me help..." I went over and started trying to adjust his pants from the back. Someone passed.

"Here, go in," I followed, and shut the door. The space was small, but I wouldn't be long. I tugged lightly, and couldn't help but touching his bare skin. The depth in darkness contrasted against my fairer complexion. I ran my finger along the humps that presented themselves outside of his underwear. They were like gracious hills. Soft, yet firm to the touch. I caught myself then suddenly stopped and dropped my hand. 

"Sorry..." 

He turned slightly. Reached around and took my hand. He brought it around to the front of his pants. He rested it on the thickness that had been holding my attention the whole time we'd been here. I didn't really know how to react. His hand was still on mine. I could feel it slowly pulse. I exhaled; hadn't even known I was holding a breath. I took a half step closer and closed my eyes. My body touched his. Breasts rising and falling against his muscular back. I slowly began stroking his piece through the material. Could feel it react to my delicate fingers' caress. I closed my eyes a little tighter and my hand crept up. It slithered passed his hard stomach, before reaching under the elastic of his Calvin Klein's. He exhaled too, at this point. Not a word was exchanged. Not much sound at all, other than our low, yet heavy breathing. 

I kept moving until I felt it. Felt the mass of flesh that was stiffening and lengthening by the millisecond. I tugged at the top of the pants with my free hand. He helped me with the other side, and together we managed to pull down both the slacks and his briefs. Now free, I grabbed the shaft. Felt around it all. The firm fleshy sacks that hung right below his large member and even around to the round buttocks that started it all. I felt all of him. Moaned lightly at my own desire building.

I was wet, I knew that. Could feel it escalating from before I'd even entered this tiny space. My right hand rounded his body again and found that he was fully erect. I caressed all the way to the top of the fat tip. I was greeted with a small amount of moisture. I let my finger trail over it, spreading it across the mass of his meat. He moaned deep. I took my hand away, reached into my panties and gathered as much of my own pre-cum as would stay on my fingers. I brought it to his lips and he licked. I then took my soppy hand back to his beautiful penis. I started to jerk slowly. Slow, but firm. My other hand, reached up and began unbuttoning my blouse, just enough to pull out one of my breast. I pulled up my bra and tweaked my erect nipple. Ujo's head tilted back slightly. With every second, my heat grew. 

I wanted him to be a part of the desire that screamed at my senses. 

I slightly turned him, removed the blazer and wrapped my hand around his neck. I pulled him down to my exposed breast. He immediately began sucking gingerly at my stiff point. I loved my nipples being sucked, and he actually did a good fucking job. I had to control my sounds of pleasure as we were still in a very public place. I jacked his luscious member until I couldn't take it anymore. I nudged him against the wall that was less than a foot away. Once up against it, I undid my pants, slipped them down along with my Vicki's Secrets and slid down on his awaiting pole. He shuddered at the feel my immense wetness; guess he was taken aback by me being so ready to receive him. It wasn't that easy for my pussy to swallow what looked like a good 9 maybe even 10 inches of pure man. Pulsing and throbbing as I took in each inch slowly. My hand covered his gaping mouth. He slightly bit down to hold in a grunt. I grabbed at his shoulder with the same intensity. Both of us trying not to draw attention to our action. Once I had all of him inside of me, his hands slide down and scooped up my ass, taking control of the movements that would drive us to a hearty orgasm. My sheen polished his dick. Over and over, he withdrew, then plunged deeper. The repeated motion driving me insane with euphoric gratification. 

He managed to pull my nipple back into his mouth and suck like thirst had taken over him. That made me cum. I gripped his neck and strained as my pussy emptied warm fluid onto his bare flesh. He thrust harder, finding excitement in his actions making me erupt. 

My additional cummy lubricant, made his strokes slicker. I could feel his monstrous dark dick swell. I noticed that he began to succumb to weakness, as his thrusts got slower. Firm still, but slow. The store's noise surrounded our small room. People could be right outside the tiny door and I wouldn't have given two shits, because the way he, yet again, managed to make my pussy cum, was all that I could concentrate on. With my second explosion, he suffered a similar fate, and let go of what felt like a whole pint of thick seeded nut. I could feel the head of it thumping against my walls as it spit every drop into me. 

Our breathing sounded like the pants of marathon runners. I felt as if I couldn't catch it. We laid against each other, spent. Heavy amounts of mixed liquids falling out of me and down the front of him, even on the pants he had yet to purchase. I weakly backed away, causing him to fall semi-limply, out of my slippery vice...

"Ready?" 

I blinked twice and saw that Ujo was standing there, fully dressed, suits draped over his forearm looking at me. I was partly dazed, holding ties, and realizing the whole fucking thing had been in my head.

"Um, yes. Yes, let's go." I said, taking a deep breath as the words left my lips. 

He smiled and proceeded ahead of me, as I frailly followed, trying to ignore the tingling of my swollen wet clit. I shook my head, deeply exhaled again and smirked to myself...