 Sorry. If you're religious, hoping for incest or some thing weird don't bother- I'm sure you'll find another story to suit you. Thank you. 

********************************************

She was clever. She didn't ask me to go to church with her. Instead she asked me to accompany her and listen to her sing in the choir. She said there would also be a lecture.

She drove and parked outside a church. I guessed it was ok to be there but was sure I wasn't going to any service. I hadn't been to church in over thirty years, long enough for me to be a determined atheist. We went inside. It was a little late to be in refusal mode.

Suddenly there was silence and a man came in. He was dressed in a peculiar gown. He held his hands up, everyone bowed their heads and he said a prayer. It became increasingly apparent that I was at a church service giving thanks for things I hadn't asked for. 

I made to get up. Her hand came across and rested on my thigh. I relaxed. With a few more incantations everyone decided to have a feed. But the portions they handed round were offensively miserable. A thimble full of grape juice was offered too, its meagerness seemed to deliberately match the meanness of the food. I refused when offered mine. It didn't look at all sanitary.

I made to get up and leave but her hand came across again and the gentle pressure on my thigh kept me seated. When all had quaffed their miserable portions a man was invited to speak. The subject was creationism verses evolution. He was a portly man who got up, young, with a belly that swung round behind the podium. 

He started with the "irrefutable evidence" of Genesis, the seven days and all that. Then he talked about Darwin, of how wrong he was and produced lots of "evidence" as proof. It was quickly apparent a lot of the evidence against Darwin was suspect. I leaned forward in the pew, tempted to say something. Helen's hand was on my thigh again and I relaxed back into my sitting posture.

Several times Helen's hand was on my thigh. For her sake, I settled each time. But I was far from impressed. The Church was packed and everyone was agreeing with him, muttering in very Christian ways. Then he said something very stupid and it was simply too much.

"Don't be dishonest!" I shouted from the pew. Helen's hand gripped my thigh and there was silence in the church. All eyes were on me, heads swiveled to get a view. He stood there silent for a while, trying to stare me into submission.

"The facts are simple," he said, surprised and irritated that someone should challenge him. His tone had a touch of menace to it.

"The facts aren't simple," I replied. The silence in the church deepened. He was quick though.

"You're not smart enough to read the Bible, you'd better read my book."

"You haven't interpreted the Bible at all well," I retorted.

"How would you interpret it?" he shouted, and with the microphone was very loud. He was also losing his cool. Helen's grip on my thigh was painful, I brushed her hand away. She poked me viciously in the ribs. 

"That part of Genesis is God's little joke. It's the only part of the Bible where he's shown to have a sense of humor and you're depriving Him of it. He's simply saying of creation, "God knows!""

"You're wrong," he shouted at me. For a moment I thought people were beginning to stand up. Were they going to deal with me, a lynching perhaps? 

"If God really knew he'd be saying a lot more than those few lines in Genesis!" I shouted back. Helen's knuckles pounded my ribs so I grabbed her hand and held it.

"You'll have to buy my book to know the truth, won't you!" he shouted back. Helen wrenched her hand away and belted my ribs again.

"Why is Genesis so important to you?" I asked, "Isn't the New Testament more important? And what happened to the usurers in the Temple? Why haven't you been thrown out?" With that Helen got up and left, she walked out of the church in tears.

"I have the floor," he shouted.

"You may have the floor, but you don't have the truth," I yelled back at him.

Outside, I heard a car door slam, an engine start and a car move off. Helen had gone. I sat there wondering about what I'd done and how I was going to apologize. I didn't have the right to upset Helen. It was inexcusable. 

I didn't give a damn about the little bastard selling his books. I wasn't going to leave; the little bastard would have to look at me for the rest of his talk. I sat there wondering what could happen next. The little bastard continued his talk, a lot of his confidence now gone. He continued looking at me as though to challenge me, but I suspected he was worried I might say something. Slowly the eyes of the audience returned to him.

Down the front I saw a woman stand. She shuffled along the row, people moved like falling dominos to allow her to pass. I watched as she walked up the aisle, she was beautifully dressed and attractive. I was surprised when she stopped at my row, she started moving along it and I was very surprised when she stopped and sat where Helen had been. She reached out, caught my hand and gave it a squeeze. She looked at me and smiled.

"Maggie," she said. We watched and listened as the talk wound up with a pitch to sell his bloody books.

The preacher then came on and went through his rituals to the end. Both he and the speaker then stalked out of the church, they seemed to walk faster as they went past me. Maggie and I watched and then looked at each other.

"Thank you, I'm Simon." 

"No need for thanks Simon, but you will need a ride home." She was still holding my hand and gave it an extra squeeze. The members of the congregation patiently waited their turn to get out of the church. Many looked at us with a curious and ambivalent interest. A few made their way towards us and started asking questions. I wasn't sure what to say but Maggie dealt with them.

"Piss off!" she said. Soon we were alone and we too made our way out. The preacher and speaker had gone which relieved me a little. Maggie led the way and soon we were getting into her car. It was comfortably untidy. Inside, she leaned over and kissed me.

"Well done," she said, "I hoped someone would challenge him." I giggled.

"But, why me?" I asked.

"'Cos you've got the balls!" She didn't ask me for directions. I wondered whether she knew where Helen lived because we were going in the right direction. Suddenly she turned and we were in the drive way of a house.

"Welcome to my humble abode," she said, "I presume you'd like coffee?" We went inside. A small, white dog skittered around anxious to be picked up. I stooped, caught and lifted it up to pat. Maggie watched; there was a disbelieving look on her face.

"Not many can do that. Trixie normally takes a long time to get to know." As I patted Trixie, Maggie turned the kettle on.

"While you two are getting to know each other I'll go and change." I sat on a chair at the kitchen table, stroked Trixie, listened to the kettle and heard movement in the other room as Maggie changed. Soon Maggie returned, the elegance was gone and she was now comfortably at home in shorts and a tee shirt. Trixie and I watched as she made the coffee, her body lithe and quick. As she handed me my coffee she said, 

"Come," and I got up, with Trixie under one arm, and followed. Maggie offered me a seat on a long sofa and sat next to me. I hadn't noticed before but as she sat I saw her nipples showing through the white tee shirt.

"That was a very sexy performance you gave in church," she said. I didn't know what to say. Trixie decided she was thirsty. I put her down and she went to her water bowl.

"As I said, you have balls," she gave her coffee a stir and raised an eyebrow at me, "haven't you?" I chuckled and she smiled.

"I like both creationism and evolution. I'm hoping we can evolve this into some creationism," she said and leaned into me. I put my arm over her shoulders, she was so close there was nowhere else I could put it. She pulled my hand down so it covered her breast. 

I don't know what happened next except nothing happened. Somehow we both stopped and sought our coffees to overcome the awkwardness as we listened to Trixie lapping water from her bowl. The little dog then went to inspect her food dish, sniffed at it and decided she wasn't hungry. 

Trixie returned and stood in front of me. She stared at me for a moment, rocked back on her haunches and with a high pitched sigh she stretched. She stood and stared at me, there was a challenging twinkle in her eye and suddenly she bit the leg of my pants. She growled as she tugged and shook her head.

"She wants to play," Maggie said. I looked at Maggie, she smiled at Trixie's antics and watched the little dog confront her big enemy. I put my coffee down and suddenly dived at Trixie. The little dog jumped and started to run as I feinted at her. I touched her leg as she escaped. She was quick and as she ran around the room I chased her on my hands and knees. She jumped up on Maggie and quickly gave Maggie's nose a lick before jumping back onto the floor.

"Right, young lady!" Maggie said and all three of us were on the floor. Maggie and I were on our hands and knees as we chased Trixie. It was fun and we laughed. As I turned to catch the flash of white my foot hit the coffee table and we both saw the black shoe polish I left. I took off my shoes. Maggie jumped around on her hands and knees, her tee shirt hung down and I could see a lot of her breasts as they jostled within the space. We both dived at Trixie but she was too fast and we caught each other. Awkwardly holding hands we laughed and Trixie jumped onto my back.

"Get him Trixie," Maggie shouted. 

"Hey, I thought you were on my side!"

"I was, when I thought you'd win!"

"You think I'm going to lose?"

"Yes!"

"Ok, we'll see!" and on hands and knees I started to chase. Maggie's bum looked wonderful as, on all fours, she tried to escape. I was laughing as Trixie grabbed my shirt and Maggie turned around to help Trixie. Both tugged at my shirt. Buttons flew everywhere, I heard a rip of fabric and suddenly my shirt was off. We were laughing. Trixie cannoned around the room as though on a victory parade.

"Come on Trixie, help me!" Maggie shouted. The little dog sat for a moment as Maggie waited for her chance to attack. Then Trixie ran towards me and Maggie pounced. There was a flash of white in front of me and from behind Maggie pulled my socks off. The little dog panted, her pink tongue hung out and her eyes twinkled. 

Suddenly Maggie came in to attack, the little dog scampered and quickly licked my nose before she raced off. I turned, grabbed Maggie's tee shirt and pulled. There were shrieks of laughter as the tee shirt came off. I was busy looking at Maggie's breasts. She had already undone the belt, button and zip on my pants. I reached around and with my fingers under the elastic of her shorts I pulled them down to her knees. I pulled off her shoes and socks as my pants slid down my thighs and together we attacked the last item of clothing we were wearing. As her panties were quickly pulled down so were my jocks. 

I felt her hand close around my cock, her grip was warm and firm. My hand covered her mound and a finger slid into her slit. We continued to move, trying to push each other off our knees. It was awkward with one hand occupied elsewhere, but I caught her and as she toppled she dragged me down too. 

As though choreographed, my tongue penetrated her slit as I felt her mouth close over my cock. Trixie skittered around, she licked my nose, then jumped on my back. I maneuvered between Maggie's legs, she lifted them to rest her feet on my back, her hands went down to find my cock and as I thrust forward she guided me into her. I kissed her lips and brushed my hands over her nipples as Maggie held my balls.

Together our hips started, we thrust at each other with so much energy. Trixie stood on my back, her toenails dug into my skin as she rode me. Maggie was dripping, I was throbbing, we thrust at each other, hard and fast. I could hear her moans, her little cries and her panting breath. I could see her hair in disarray, her eyes fixed and her brow furrowed as we thrust. Her hands on my bum pulled me into her. Suddenly she screamed and started to tremble. With ataxic bursts of energy my hips thrust into her as electricity challenged the spaces in my head. I felt the relief of release as my juice spurted out to splash her walls.

As our orgasms ended and we lay there, skin to skin, feeling as one, we held each other and kissed. The sweat of our bodies glued us together until we had the energy to disconnect. Trixie walked around us wondering what had happened to her game.