 Miss Anderson had only been teaching high school for a couple of years. Upon graduating college with her education degree she actually considered being a flight attendant. She had always wanted to travel - who doesn't, but the economy wasn't great and the airlines weren't hiring. There was, however, a huge demand for teachers. The district where Dawn grew up in Florida was in desperate need of teachers at all levels and actually offered her a job almost a full year before she graduated. "What the hell, I might as well take it. At least I have a job and I can always do the flight attendant thing when the airlines start hiring again in a few years." She told herself when deciding to return to her old hometown. The problem was, she had hoped to get away from her hometown and go somewhere else. But it was familiar ol' sunny Florida and the money was good. She got lots of offers from other districts but they wanted her to sign contracts saying that she would teach in these 'disadvantaged' schools in some inner-city project somewhere. This wasn't exactly her idea of fun, so back to Florida she went.

Dawn wasn't bad to look at. Five feet ten with blondish brown hair, her best asset was her nice ass until her mom gave her the money for a boob job as a graduation gift. She had always complained about the way she looked, especially when all of her friends filled out and she didn't follow suit. The operation not only transformed her from nearly flat-chested to having two firm round grapefruit size tits, but also from someone who wasn't satisfied with her own body to someone who loved it. She wasn't exactly Pam Anderson, but she felt just as sexy. Then the irony set in. She looked better than she ever had yet there were no guys around. They were either all married or they were rednecks or she just wasn't interested in them. Save for one guy in six months, she hadn't dated anyone since she was in college almost three years ago.

It was late in the school year and Miss Anderson was teaching english composition. The class was made up of seniors who were getting ready to graduate. They were your typical high school students. Sometimes attentive, but mostly concerned with their social lives, members of the opposite sex, and getting out of school. They would do the work, but at this stage in their school careers, couldn't really see the point of english comp. Their work was about what you would expect from eighteen year-olds with this attitude, just good enough to get a passing grade. However, occasionally someone would stand out as a good writer. Miss Anderson, doing what a good teacher always does, would lavish encouragement upon the student hoping that someday they would do something with their talent. The assignment to be turned in this Thursday afternoon was a two-page composition using a writing form they had been studying. They had five days to write the paper - including the weekend - to prepare it. Miss Anderson doubted it would matter, but the kids insisted on the extra time. When everything was turned in Dawn packed up her grading work and headed for home. 

She was a third of the way through the compositions when she picked up the work by a student named Steve. He was eighteen and off to college a few months after graduation. So far the works had been what she expected: nothing great. Steve's was starting out that way, but page two shocked her. It was a very rough draft written on the front and back of a single piece of paper. Here and there whole lines were scratched out and rewritten. Entire paragraphs were written in the margins with arrows pointing back into the text indicating their intended location. The whole page was filled with text not related to the assignment and, as she read it, obviously not meant for her eyes. 

Dawn began to read a story about how Steve had hidden behind bushes in the woods behind her house and watched her on the weekends when she was laying out in the sun on her back patio. She lived out on the edge of town where neighbors were very few and far between. Then it struck her. Sometimes she was topless! But only when she was sure nobody was around--or so she thought. She had even been horny and masturbated once. Did he see that too? It didn't seem so. Though he apparently had seen her during one of her topless times because he wrote about 'how hard [his] dick gets when [she] takes her top off and massages oil across them'. Dawn was shocked to learn that someone had been watching her but oddly flattered by the glowing review of her figure and beauty. 

As she continued to read, the text got more and more sexual. Steve fantasized that he would show up when Dawn was lying out in the sun. She would ask him to rub oil all over her body. Then she would remove her top and tell him that he 'forgot these'. He would rub one tit while sucking on the other. Then he would remove her bikini bottom lick her clit. When she could no longer control her excitement he would spread her legs apart and shove his cock into her while she screamed, "Oh, yes! Yes, Fuck me!" He wrote that he 'wanted to fuck her for hours', and 'to hear her tell him to come inside her'. The story went on to describe how she was straddling him so she could ride his cock, moaning in ecstasy while he squeezed her tits. There wasn't a definitive end to the story, however the last paragraph had with him straddling her, sliding his dick between her tits and coming all over them.

Dawn finished reading the rough draft and caught herself returning to reality as though she were in a trance. It was then that she realized just how startled she was by what she had just read, but not because she just learned that a student had been so bold as to watch her lay out when she was topless. Nor did the explicit description of his sexual fantasy about her bother her either. At least there was none of that "Miss Anderson, I love you" crap and subsequent crush and/or stalking. And it wasn't like he was making unwanted advances or even googly eyes at her in class. This kind of unadulterated lust was the last thing she would've expected from Steve. But what did startle her was how lucid and engaging the story was. She had been drawn into the story and could visualize each scene like she was having an out-of-body experience. Few of her students ever had been able to organize their thoughts and write as clearly as Steve had done in this rough draft. Granted it was an arousing sexual fantasy about her, and an exceptionally well written one. Then she caught herself. Arousing? She was aroused by the story.

The revelation of being clandestinely watched by someone while laying out almost naked gave her an idea. Realizing that the element of surprise was in her favor, Dawn smiled. "So, he likes watching me, does he?" She muttered to herself, and began to think of ways to have some fun playing with Steve's mind. Knowing that her body could motivate this young man to such a level of lust gave her an erotic feeling. Maybe this coming weekend she would lay out facing the woods making certain that Steve would have an unobstructed view of her body. Then the show would begin. She could spend extra time oiling herself up. Then take her top off and spend time massaging her tits well after they were oiled. Maybe, if she were horny enough, she would take everything off and lay out in the sun naked. "That would drive Steve nuts." She mumbled to herself as she glanced over the paper again. Then she wondered if she would be able to go a step further and masturbate while he watched. Maybe she would do that with her bikini bottom on, she thought to herself. The sexual images the story had implanted in her mind along with the thoughts of masturbating and/or being naked in the sun on her patio was making her horny and wet, but it was getting late and there was more grading to do.

The next day Dawn chose her outfit carefully. To everyone else she was Miss Anderson, dressed like she was every other day. But, in a way, she wasn't. She taught her english classes and then her english comp class. She gave back the papers without letting on what she had read. However, she didn't give him a grade, she simply wrote 'See me about this assignment' in red ink on the front.

At the end of the day Steve knocked on the office door that Miss Anderson shared with another teacher. It was Friday afternoon and the other teacher had left for the day. He found her alone in the room sitting at her desk entering grades into her record book. 

"Um, you needed to see me about this paper Miss Anderson?" He said with bewilderment. He didn't understand why he didn't have a grade and what she needed to see him about.

'Yes I did." Motioning to the chair in front of her desk, she began. "Have a seat. Steve, last night while grading your paper I found something very unusual." Steve swallowed hard, and she suspected that he knew what she was talking about. She got up, walked around in front of Steve and leaned back against the desk looking down at him. Then she held up the sexual fantasy paper he had written and turned in by accident with his assignment.

"This was with the paper you turned in." She turned the front of the paper to her and spoke while glancing across it. "It is a paper about me and it is laced with sexual references. Worse yet, it would appear here", she raised her voice as she pointed to the top of the first page, "that you've been spying on me at my home! What do you have to say for yourself?"

Steve just sat there stupefied, looking for words that wouldn't come, or even matter if they did.

"Steve, I should turn this in to the principal. He'll probably have you suspended. You should be suspended!" Her tone became more stern and angry with each sentence. Dawn just crossed her arms and stared at Steve, a look of disappointment on her face. But then she backed off.

"Did you write this?" She asked matter-of-factly.

Blushing and embarrassed he said in a deflated tone, "Yes. But I turned it in by accident, I swear."

"How long have you been watching me from the woods?" She asked.

"About three months, since spring."

"Three months!" She said with a disgusted snort. Throwing her hands up in the air she asked, "Have you done anything else that I should know about?"

"Oh, no ma'am." He replied in the most reassuring tone he could muster.

"You do realize that if they suspend you - and they will when they read this - getting into a university will be much more difficult if not impossible?"

His future threatened, Steve began to panic. "I didn't mean it. Nobody was supposed to see it. It's just something I wrote. I didn't mean anything by it."

She glanced back down at the paper and stopping him said, "Oh! It sure reads like you meant it. This is very graphic." 

There were a few moments of silence in which Steve simply stared at the floor.

"What am I supposed to do here?" She asked him rhetorically.

"I don't know. I'm sorry." He replied.

She sighed, looked at Steve then at the paper, and said in an upbeat tone. "It is very good writing though, clear and well thought out." Steve didn't look up.

Then Dawn fired off some questions in a very matter-of-fact, business-like tone. She looked at the paper and asked, "It says here that you like watching me when I'm laying out. Is that true?" She could see by his blank stare at the wall that she had blind-sided him with the question, so she waited a few moments and demanded, "Well?"

"Uh, yeah." He said timidly, trying not to let his answer get him into more trouble.

"So you must really like looking at my body?"

Still not knowing where all this was going Steve, a little embarrassed by the question, replied as though he were answering a trick question, "Yes."

She pointed to the graphically sexual text and asked, "And how long have you wanted to - what were the exact words you used. Oh, here it is, 'fuck me for hours'?"

Embarrassed and not wanting to get into it, Steve paused for a moment, "Last year, I guess."

She looked down at the graphically sexual text in her hand and asked in a very serious tone, "Do you think that, given the opportunity, you would do all this?"

Her matter-of-fact way of asking didn't strike Steve as a come-on, rather he was embarrassed again by what he had written. He simply shrugged his shoulders.

"You don't know!" She said with astonishment. Holding up the paper as exhibit A she added, "Because it sure seems like you know." 

As Dawn set the paper down on the desk behind her and quietly began fidgeting with something. Steve, filled with embarrassment, returned to staring at the wall. The unusual pause prompted him to a glance at what Miss Anderson was quietly doing. To Steve's astonishment she was unfastening the buttons that ran down the length of the right side of her dress. Once unbuttoned, she made sure that Steve was watching then let the garment slide off of her shoulders to the floor. She stood there in front of Steve wearing the light blue bikini that she wore when she went to lay in the sun. It was an ordinary bikini except that the bottoms tied together at the hips. Dawn could tell that Steve was quite taken aback and had no idea what was going on. Glancing back down at the paper she continued in her business-like tone. "You didn't answer my question. Would you do this or not?" 

Still preoccupied with the threat to his academic future and perplexed by the interesting turn of events, Steve let out an indecisive "I guess."

"You guess?" She asked trying to qualify his answer. Changing the subject she leaned back stuck her chest out and peered down at her breasts as though to judge them. "You certainly seem to like my chest quite a bit. Correct?" 

"Um, yeah."

"And you like it when I'm laying out without a top on?"

"Yes." Steve was trying hard to hide it, but Dawn could tell that the sight of her body and the subject of the discussion was getting the young man aroused.

Dawn smiled, reached behind her and untied the bikini top. She moved the covering back and forth for a few moments; then slowly pulled the top off over her head. She was now only wearing her shoes and bikini bottom. 

"How do they look close up?" She asked with a smile.

Steve's eyes became nearly as big as saucers at the sight of his teacher's bare chest. He sat upright, unable to avert his stare. He squirmed in his seat and Dawn suspected that his dick was becoming rock hard. Distracted from the question she refocused his attention.

"Well?"

"Uh. They're nice."

"Just nice?" She asked, not believing the answer. "Because it seems to me that you liked them enough to want to - how did you put it?" She reached for his paper and scanned it for a second, "Here, 'cum on my tits'."

"Um, sure." Steve replied, nearly overwhelmed by the erotic bizarreness of what was happening.

"Um, sure?" She confirmed. Leaning forward she smiled and squeezed her tits together with her arms. "What do I have to do, beg you?"

"I'm not sure what you mean?" He said. All the while his eyes were riveted to her body.

"Are you getting hard watching me undress?" She asked, glancing down at the obvious hard-on in his jeans. 

Embarrassed that she knew, he squirmed a little and said, "Yes."

Dawn leaned forward a little and uncrossed her ankles. 

"Prove it." She demanded.

The demand was as unexpected as her disrobing in front of him. "Prove it?" He asked as though he was unprepared.

"Yeah, show me how hard I make you." She smiled and leaned back to watch. 

Not entirely comfortable with this request, he paused. "Come on." She urged with a smile. "I showed you mine." Still not too sure about the request, he slowly stood and unzipped his pants. Removing the clothing he looked up at Dawn, his rock hard cock pointing straight out at her.

She looked over his cock from afar, and only uttered, "Hmm."

Steve had no idea what "Hmm" meant. But before he could dwell on it, she smiled, bit her lower lip and pushed herself away from the desk in his direction. She took his rock hard cock in her hand and ran it up and down and around his length. Steve had no idea what to expect, all of this was so surreal. Then Dawn lowered herself to her knees. Steve watched as his teacher stroked his length for a few moments, then took his entire cock into her mouth. Over and over she ran her mouth up and down the length of his shaft. He couldn't believe how good her mouth felt. Already highly excited by the sight of his busty half-naked teacher, it didn't take long for him to cum. 

Sensing this, she stopped sucking and rose up on her knees. Stroking his cock vigorously she held his dick close to her cleavage. No longer able to contain himself he fired his cum across her tits and into her cleavage. When he had finished she stood up and leaned back against the desk, smiling. He couldn't believe what had just happened, and simply stared at the milky cum slowly running down between her firm tits. Dawn smiled, letting him admire the sight and ordered, "Take your clothes off." 

"Uh,' Steve said as he glanced back at the door. "Are you sure?"

"Its alright, nobody's going to come in."

Steve was horny has hell as he undressed. He had seen her half naked from a distance, and wanted to cum on her--in her. But he never imagined that she would want him to do it. Naked after stepping out of his pants, he just stood there, not waiting for instructions, but needing them.

She looked him up and down, then leaned forward taking hold of his wrists and placed them on the side of her tits. 

"Rub it in." She said. Her nipples became hard as he transitioned from smearing cum like it were finger paints to feeling her up.

Sitting back on the desk, she pushed her chest out while pulling his head forward. He stepped closer and began to lick, suck and squeeze her tits. Steve was gradually getting a little more aggressive with her, exploring more of her body with his hands and tongue. Dawn watched with satisfaction that she could give this pleasure to someone who so passionately lusted after her. She could feel his cock rub against the inside of her thigh and she wrapped her arms and legs loosely around him while he explored her. She knew he thought about it, but wondered to herself if he ever suspected that he would actually be in this position. Dawn could feel his cock between her legs and smiled to herself, enjoying both being the object of his intense sexual desires and giving her body to him like this.

Already seated on the desk and leaning back with her legs apart to give her student access to her chest meant that Steve's cock could press directly against her pussy. In fact, the only thing keeping Steve from entering her were the bikini bottoms, now soaking wet from her juices. Every now and then Steve would push his dick against her and the sensation of his hands exploring her body and his cock pushing against her clit made her hotter and hotter. Almost instinctively she held him tighter while encouraging his hips with her legs. 

The thought that someone could walk into her office crossed Dawn's mind. She reasoned that it was unlikely that anyone would walk in at this time of day, especially on a Friday. How would she explain this if they did? But Steve's dick pressing against her pussy brought her back to the heat of the moment. 

Her breathing got heavier and heavier as Steve ran his hands and tongue up and down her body. He had pushed the straps to her bikini bottoms down over her hips as far as he could. Even though Dawn was leaning back, she was still sitting on the desk, meaning they would only go down so far. Unable to push them down any further, Steve slowly pulled on one of the knots to untie it. Not meeting with any objections he pulled a string until the knot was undone, then began working on the other knot. The front of the bikini bottom fell away and he pressed the head of his cock against her pussy. Her seated position prevented him from entering her, which he desperately wanted to do. Keeping one arm around his neck she put her other hand behind her and leaned back. She kept leaning back and widening her legs until Steve slid into her. 
