 Lately work has been a little slow, and in consequence the income from my lingerie business has been down. I'm not sure why, but even a widely advertised markdown sale hasn't seemed to boost things. But I have tried not to worry too much and so far I have been able to gain extensions of credit from my suppliers, though the fact that the bank won't increase my business credit any further has stressed me out somewhat.

Still, that's why I visit Siobhan's Health Spa every Friday at seven p.m. It's the end of the week and a full hour's massage is the perfect stress relief and start to the weekend. For the late night shopping on Friday and for the Saturday morning session I employ Neena, a final year fashion design student. It gives me a sense of normality in my life not having to work over the weekend. Of course, she is another cost to the business and may have to go if things don't improve soon. Sitting at my desk, watching the hands on the office clock drag towards seven, the thought that in a week or two I may have to stay until ten then return on the Saturday made my stress levels rise considerably.

With ten minutes to go I switched my computer off and rose with a sigh. My back was sore and the thought of an hour under Jordan's firm but expert hands lightened my mood. I grabbed my handbag from the hook near the office door and strode out into the shop, fixing my easy going, slightly sexy smile into place. It really doesn't matter whether men or women are the customer in my shop, I know they want to be put at ease and that the hint of sex, abundant amongst the cotton, lace and satin lingerie on display, should emanate from me too. There was only one customer in the store, a businessman in a slightly rumpled but expensive looking suit and Neena stood close to him, holding up several garments for his perusal. 

His eyes jumped to me and I felt his gaze sweep my body, taking in my long black hair, dark eyes and of course pausing ever so slightly at my cleavage. I'm not amply endowed, in fact I have trouble deciding between a C cup or a B cup. Today, as in most days in the shop, I was wearing a B. The extra tightness pushes my breasts together and up, forming a slight overspill of flesh and I was wearing a business shirt that was open far enough to offer him, and other customers, a glimpse of cleavage. Men in particular would buy more when I showed more. Not slutty, never that, though it would work with the men. But seventy five percent of my customers are women, and most would be put off by a sluttily dressed saleswoman.

I had instructed Neena carefully on the art of dressing for this business. She was a busty redhead, freckled skin and wide spaced green eyes. I had selected her primarily on looks, an option never to be discounted in this business, but like all businesses, a practice never to be admitted too. She sold enough to make me reluctant to let her go, even in this current economic climate and looking at the gaze of her solitary customer was fairly certain she was about to make another sale. I walked across to them, my eyes never leaving the customer's face. I rested a hand on Neena's shoulder and broke eye contact with him as she turned towards me. 

'Bye Neena, call me tomorrow if there are any problems.' I stood closer to her than I needed to, but I wasn't harassing her. By any workplace code of conduct my actions in touching her and standing so close could have been defined as sexual harassment, but we both knew that it was part of the sales game. A businessman, buying some lingerie for a wife or mistress would have his peccadillos tickled by the hint of intimacy between us. I smiled at him again and swept from the shop, feeling a little better about life.

***

Entering the relaxing reception area of Siobhan's spa my stress levels began to ease, anticipating as it were, the forthcoming massage. Siobhan wasn't at her usual place behind the counter so I sat in one of the comfortable chairs, reaching forward to pick up a copy of Cosmopolitan magazine. The only other occupant in the waiting area was an elderly man who was a regular. I had struck up a conversation with him one day and found that he was here three times a week to have the rheumatism massaged out of his legs and feet. At the time I had thought that such a problem would have been better dealt with by a doctor or physio, but then considered that the hands of Siobhan would be healing in themselves. We exchanged a polite smile and I opened the magazine. Part of me felt guilty, I knew that he was a lonely person and loved a chat. But I wasn't in the mood and besides, Jordan was likely to appear in a moment or two to summon me.

'Hello Alexandra, how are you?' It was Siobhan's voice, not Jordan's, that made me look up. Her full lipped smile greeted me as always, but there was a slight look of concern in her grey eyes. 

'Could you, ah, step into the office for a moment?' 

'Sure,' I replied, placing the Cosmo back onto the table. I followed her into the small office behind the reception desk, pausing as Siobhan closed the door behind me. My stress levels seemed to rise again, for despite not knowing why she wanted to talk to me, the fact that the conversation was to be conducted behind closed doors was somewhat disconcerting.

'Have a seat,' she indicated the chair opposite the desk, before slipping into her own chair.

'Unfortunately I have some bad news for you,' she said. Siobhan looked a little uncomfortable and her eyes darted around the room, seemingly unable to hold my gaze. The smile had gone from her mouth, which I noticed for the first time formed into a natural pout rather enticingly. 

'Your credit card payment was refused last week,' she rushed the words out. 'Um, we really can't provide a massage today without further payment.' She looked at me as she said this, the fine fingers of her hand brushing her long blonde hair back behind her left ear. It was an unconscious action, one I had seen many times, but endearing. Looking at her I understood why Jordan had been attracted to her and how their affair had progressed into marriage and a business partnership. It was one of the reasons why I was prepared to strip to my underwear and allow a very attractive man massage me for an hour. Siobhan's presence in the building, combined with her beauty, would prevent him from doing anything that would make me feel uncomfortable. These thoughts rushed through my head as it spun through the significance of what she had told me.

'Oh, I'm terribly sorry,' the words gushed from me. 'I've been having a hard time at the shop and must've overlooked paying it, I'm sure if you try it now, it'll be fine.' It was a lie and a stupid one. If Siobhan did try it now it would be refused. The card was nearly one thousand over the limit and I owed them plenty.

'Alex, you know we don't normally offer credit to anyone, but you've not only been one of our most regular customers, you also have brought other clients to us. But you owe us almost four hundred dollars and we just can't afford to extend that any further.'

'Oh,' I said. My gaze dropped towards the floor and I couldn't think of anything else to say.

'We can't provide further services...' Siobhan trailed off.

'Ah, no, no.' I looked up, forcing a smile onto my face. 'Look, I'll ah, do what I can over the weekend to sort things out and by Tuesday I'll get some cash to you, okay?'

'Yes, yes that would be fine.' We looked at each other for a moment and I was sure that Siobhan was about to speak, so I waited.

'Look, Alex,' she said slowly. 'We're a bit tight on the cash side too and Jordan's birthday is coming up.' I stared at her, waiting to see where this was going. 'He, um loves me in lingerie...' again she looked down. I had some idea where this was headed and smiled reassuringly.

'You'd like some lingerie in return for erasing some of my debt?' 'Yes, something like that,' she smiled. 'But there's more to it.' Siobhan glanced at her watch and I remembered the elderly man in the reception area. 

'Can we work something out?' She asked.

'Definitely,' I replied.

'As I said though, Alex, there's more to it than just what I asked for.'

'Like what?'

'Well, as I said, you owe us quite a bit. To be frank, I'm not big on lingerie myself, other than for the effect it has on Jordan.' She smiled again.

'So?'

'Well, we like to fantasise and I want to make one of his fantasies come true.'

I blushed. I didn't know why but I felt the redness shoot up from under my collar and fill my cheeks. I mean, I did know why, the talk of fantasies and my lingerie and the way she looked at me filled my mind with suggestions. 

'What is it,' my voice had gone hoarse as I forced the words out. My head was swimming and I was glad to be sitting down.

'You employ a girl on Fridays in your shop?'

'Neena,' I said unnecessarily.

'Yes, whatever. What time does she come in?'

'Um, about two.'

'Good. Next week, sometime after ten and before two, when you have no customers, I want you to close the shop, then call me. I'm then going to send Jordan over to pick up a package for me. What I want you to do is to select three outfits for me, for him to pick from.'

'Sure, that's easy,' I replied, my mind's eye already picturing the type of outfit I would pick for her. 'I don't see why I need to shut the shop for that.'

'Because when he arrives,' she continued smoothly, 'I want you to explain that I was going to select just one. And seeing as how I was unable to come over, he'll have to do that, and the best way for him to make his selection is to see each outfit on you.'

'What?'

'I want you to model for him, I want you to be open, outgoing and a little naughty. I want each outfit to be increasingly naughty and the third one in particular very naughty.' We sat in silence for what seemed a long time, until again she looked at her watch and shifted in her chair, breaking the spell.

'Okay.' I hadn't thought about whether I'd do it, I had sat looking into her eyes trying to work out whether she had been joking or not. My agreement just spilled out. Of course I'd strip for her husband. I'd never admitted it, not even to myself, but the Friday massage was almost a sex substitute. 

'He'll pick one and that will settle all your debts to date.'

'Great,' I smiled, looking away as I realised that my face was flushed, but not with embarrassment this time. It was lust. 

'And I have a proposal to build up some credit for you. To the same value as your debts are now.'

'Oh,' I raised my eyebrows, though I was hardly listening. I was reconsidering which outfits I would select and model for Jordan. 

'When you arrive for your appointment later that day, I want you to wear the naughtiest outfit you have. I want you to tell him that it just arrived and what he thinks of it. I want you to flirt with him, then let him massage you. Naked.' That last word cut through my thoughts.

'Naked?'

'Yes,' she said, coolly fixing me with her daring smile again.

'Sure,' I said. My mind was floating.

'Look, Jordan will be in room four as usual,' she grinned. 'Please don't say anything to Jordan, this is all going to be a surprise from me.'

***

The massage by Jordan was superb as usual, but I was unable to shut down my mind completely as I normally could. I kept thinking through the details of our bartering agreement. I strove to banish all thoughts as Jordan's large hands slid firmly along my calves. The heels I wore at work weren't excessive, but over a ten hour day they were enough to make the muscles sore. 

'You should wear running shoes to and from work,' his silky smooth voice gently intruded on my thoughts. His fingers were working at the knots that had formed at the base of my calves.

'Hmmm,' I replied. My tongue felt thick and I couldn't speak. His hands moved higher and I pictured the small furrow at the top of his nose as he concentrated on working the knots out. He wore his dark hair in a pony tail and he looked South American with his olive skin and dark penetrating eyes. His nose was long and straight, giving his face an aristocratic appearance. At least until he smiled, when his features lit up and he appeared open and friendly. He was, from the little I had gleaned, born in Louisiana and considered his heritage Creole. But he admitted that his childhood memories were mostly of beach towns as his father built a reputation as a guitarist.

His fingers began to work on my hamstrings and towards the top of my legs. I wondered what type of lingerie he would like. Siobhan was long legged like me, but bigger in the bust, a C-cup at a guess. Her thin waist emphasised that her hips were more rounded than mine. She would look great in anything that revealed her waist, exposed lots of breast and was high on the hip to emphasise her legs. My mind drifted, imagining them together, he in a pair of white, loose linen drawstring pants, a contrast to his dark skin, her in a jade or royal blue lace outfit, contrasting with her flawless pale flesh.

My heart skipped a beat or two as his hand inadvertently brushed between my legs, and I had to fight a sudden impulse to part my legs for him. My face flushed at the crudeness of my thoughts and I was glad to be lying face down. I hadn't had sex for over six weeks, and until the past few minutes I hadn't missed it. Stress and long hours did that to you I suppose. He worked his way up my spine, gently rolling me to loosen the muscles and my thoughts drifted between Siobhan's request, the cash flow crisis of my business and the powerful hands that dealt such relief.

***

I spent the week in a range of moods, early depression replaced by a level of contentment as business picked up midweek. Periods of apprehension over Friday's rendezvous were replaced by an impatience as I tried to will the end of the week forward. On Thursday, when I tallied the book, I realised that not only could I pay the rent and a few of the other outstanding bills, but that I would also be able to pay Siobhan what I owed. 

But did I want to? And even more importantly, did she want me to? I thought not, given that she waited to tell me face to face that my credit card had bounced. Her proposal was one that couldn't be delivered over the phone with anything like the impact it had in person. Siobhan wanted to see my reaction, to know whether to push on. She couldn't do that via remote communications.

So I paid the power bill with the last of the excess money, placed the three outfits I had chosen in my office, along with three identical ones with larger cup sizes, then went home knowing that I wanted to do this, not to clear debts, but to explore myself.

***

Friday morning was uniquely frustrating. Six sales from nine customers dragged the day through to midday and even the ringing of the till did little to reduce my agitation. But at twelve I was able to snap shut the locks on the door and flip the sign from "Open" to "Closed". My heart was fluttering as I picked up the phone and called Siobhan. She simply thanked me and hung up and I tried to settle down to wait.

Barely ten minutes later Jordan attempted to open the door, making it rattle loudly in the frame and I almost slipped over as I rushed to open it. He smiled a little uncertainly as he saw the closed sign and then slipped through the door into the shop as I held it open. My heart was a thumping cacophony and I was sure Jordan would hear it. I turned after locking the door and we faced each other for a moment.

'Um, Siobhan said you had a packet for me?'

'Uh?' I brushed my hair nervously behind my ear. I had half forgotten that he didn't actually know what was going on. 'Oh, well, yes, no.' I laughed, trying to sound nervous, which I'm sure I did. 'Actually she was supposed to be with you to pick out some...' I indicated the merchandise, suddenly unable to say the word "lingerie".

'Oh, perhaps we should call her, she said there was something to pick up...' Jordan's voice trailed away as his eyes darted around the racks of satin and lace.

'Is she busy?' I asked.

'Oh, yes,' he smiled. 'Never seems to end.'

'Well, let's not disturb her. I'm sure we can work out what she wants.' I sensed his growing unease and it strengthened my resolve.

'Look, Jordan, why don't you sit down there and I'll show you the selection I had made for Siobhan.' I directed him to a chair in the rear of the shop that would be out of sight from the front windows. Jordan complied wordlessly and at once I walked to my office. Barely through the door I began to remove my clothes, trying not to think about the fact that I was about to parade semi naked in front of another woman's husband.

The first item I had selected was a dark red, one piece bodysuit. It had no back above the top of the buttocks, thin shoulder straps and a deep V that exposed my torso to my navel. High cut above the thighs it made my legs looked longer, and on Siobhan would make her legs look endless. 

I hoped that Jordan wasn't wondering where I was as I smoothed the satin material over my abdomen. A quick check in the mirror and I almost stopped and didn't go out. I looked good, I knew that. But I was wearing lingerie and a man who massaged me weekly sat unsuspecting out there waiting for me. I had clients who had asked me to model my merchandise, claiming that I "looked about the same size as their wife." I'd always politely refused and generally didn't make a sale. They probably didn't have wives.

I drew in a breath and walked out into the shop, fixing Jordan with a wide smile. He blinked twice and his mouth fell open.

'I was just going to bring it out for you, but there's only one way to appreciate lingerie and that's while it's being worn.' I closed the gap between where he sat and my office as I spoke, pausing as I stood in front of him. His eyes ran up and down my body and I saw the tip of his tongue dart out as he licked his lips. A thrill ran through my body and I knew he was hooked. I slowly turned, thrusting my hips provocatively to one side then the other. As I turned to face Jordan I found his eyes locked on the V of material between my legs. I felt a tingle in my groin and smiled at him, letting lust show in my eyes.

'Give me your hand,' I said and reached out with mine. He swallowed as he lifted his to meet mine and I guided it onto the smooth satin over my abdomen. 

'This is a particularly fine satin and you can feel how smooth it is.' He nodded, his eyes locked on mine. 

'The only down side to this is that rough skin can catch on it, so keep your hands smooth.' I turned his over and ran my fingers over his palm and along his fingers.

'But then, these hands are smooth aren't they.' I smiled at him. 'I should know!' I dropped his hand and strode back to the office, again wiggling my hips for his enjoyment. In the office I peeled off the red satin and let it fall onto the floor. I turned to look at myself in the mirror, pleased with my slim figure, dark hair and breasts that still showed no sign of sagging. But I knew Siobhan would look more impressive naked. Why would Jordan want to play this game with me, when she was there for him?

I shrugged and slipped on the next set, a white lycra two piece. The bottoms were shaped like sports pants, hugging the buttocks and coming up across the abdomen, similar to the gold shorts worn by Kylie Minogue in her film clip. The top was a bra, with opaque areas to hide the nipples, transparent across the rest of my breasts. 

This time when I walked out, Jordan was waiting for me with a smile. As I moved close to his chair and twirled once, he reached out uninvited and let his fingers brush across the tightly stretched material covering my butt.

'So this little demonstration was planned by Siobhan and you huh?' Although he spoke softly, his voice broke the silence of the shop. 
