 It was a sultry Friday afternoon in August. Two couples were having a picnic lunch in a secluded section of the park.

"Hey guys," Ashleigh said, "Shane and I are going for a walk." The tall brunette took the hand offered to her by her boyfriend, Shane. She stood up and looked down at her friends still sitting on the blanket. 

"Have fun," Samantha said smiling as her boyfriend, Dean, pulled her closer to him. 

"We will," Shane said. Sam and Dean watched as the couple walked away, hand-in-hand. Dean turned to Sam and kissed her softly. 

"I thought they'd never leave," he said kissing her again. Samantha wrapped her arms around Dean's neck as he deepened the kiss. He slowly lowered her to the blanket. Dean trailed his lips from Sam's mouth to her neck, biting gently and then laving the bite with his tongue. His hands quickly undid the zipper on her peach blouse. Sam moaned as she felt Dean cup her breasts through her white lace demi-cup bra. The lace teased her already hard nipples. Dean undid the front closure of the bra, freeing her full breasts. As he kneaded them, he lowered his mouth and ran his tongue around first one nipple, then the other. Sam felt her pulse quicken as he took one nipple into his mouth. Her pussy tingled as Dean suckled at her breast and played with the other one, lightly pinching the hard nipple. She could feel her panties growing wet. Dean lifted his head and smiled at her quickly before taking the other nipple into his mouth. One hand played with the breast that had just been abandoned by his mouth, the other began a teasing trail down Sam's stomach. 

"That tickles," Sam giggled as Dean lightly teased her belly button. 

"Does it?" Dean asked innocently, leaving her breasts and placing gentle kisses along the path his fingers had taken. "Maybe this won't." With that, he swirled his tongue in the sensitive depression. Sam bucked under him as he continued his sensual teasing. He deftly undid the button and zipper of her jeans and slipped his hand beneath the fabric. Sam gasped as Dean stroked her wet pussy through the fabric of her white lace panties. He traced the edges of her panties up to the waistband before slipping his hand beneath the fabric. He smiled as he felt her heat and moisture. He caressed her swollen, bare pussy lips before running his finger along her wet slit. 

Sam closed her eyes as she concentrated on what Dean was doing to her. He gently spread her outer lips with his fingers and stroked her. Sam's hips bucked off the blanket as he brushed her hard clit. Dean slid two fingers into her tight wet channel and Sam moaned. 

"Dean, what if someone sees us?" Sam asked as he began to move his long fingers in and out of her. 

"Nobody's going to see us, sweetheart," Dean reassured her, adding a third finger inside her. He curled his fingers inside her and began to massage the spongy wall of her vagina. Sam felt the pressure inside her building. Dean began to finger her faster as Sam met him stroke for stroke. He could sense that she was close to the edge.

"Cum for me, Sam," Dean said, rubbing his thumb over her clit. "Let go and cum for me." He curled one of the fingers inside her and stroked her g-spot as he thumbed her clit.

"DEAN!" Sam cried as she came, her pussy clenching tightly around his fingers. 

Sam felt her entire body tighten as she came hard. She lay there, breathing hard as Dean removed his fingers from her depths. Sam opened her eyes and through passion-heavy lids she saw Dean lick her juices from his fingers. 

"I hope Sam and Dean are up to no good," Ashleigh said as she and Shane walked away from the picnic site. 

"I'm sure if Dean has his way they will be," Shane said, smiling. Ashleigh laughed. Suddenly Ashleigh stopped walking. "Ash? What's wrong?"

"Nothing," she said, as she let go of his hand and pushed him against a tree. "Absolutely nothing." She lowered her mouth to his in a hungry kiss. Shane deepened the kiss as he tangled his hands in Ashleigh's long brown hair. Ashleigh quickly undid Shane's pants and stroked his hard cock through his briefs. She freed his cock from its confines and stroked him. She broke their kiss and dropped to her knees in front of him.

"Ashleigh!" Shane exclaimed as he felt her warm breath on his cock, seconds before she kissed the velvety tip. She slowly took him into her mouth. As she licked and sucked his cock, she caressed his balls, lightly squeezing them. Shane pulled Ashleigh up and kissed her hard. He turned them around so that Ashleigh's back was against the tree. Shane's hand slipped beneath her skirt, finding her neatly trimmed pussy and nothing else. "You naughty girl! No panties." Ashleigh grinned. Shane lifted Ashleigh's skirt and entered her in a quick, hard thrust. Ashleigh hooked her legs around Shane's waist as he thrust deeply into her. She loved the feel of him inside her, filling her. 

Shane drove himself deeper into Ashleigh as he felt himself getting close to cumming. He could tell Ashleigh was getting close too because she began to meet his thrusts, stroke for stroke. Ashleigh reached between their bodies and began to rub her clit. 

"SHANE!" she cried out as she came. He thrust a couple of times more before cumming deep inside her. He held her tight as they slowly calmed down. He set Ashleigh back on her feet and they straightened their clothes before heading back to the picnic site.

"Sam," Dean called softly. "Sam, it's time to go." He leaned over and kissed Sam lightly on the lips. After her powerful orgasm from his fingering her, Sam had dozed off in Dean's arms. 

"I guess I fell asleep," Sam said, sitting up. She ran her fingers through her short dark blonde hair. 

"Yeah, you did," Dean said, kissing her quickly. "Shane and Ash are back, too." They started packing up the remains of their picnic. They were headed back to the car when they were stopped by two police officers.

"Hold it right there," the taller of the two officers said. "You're all under arrest."

"Under arrest?" Sam asked, bewildered. "For what?"

"For inappropriate behaviour," the other officer said. He produced a set of handcuffs and placed one cuff on Ashleigh's right wrist and the other on Samantha's left wrist. The taller officer did the same with Shane and Dean. The four prisoners were led to two waiting squad cars and taken to the local police station.

Once at the station, the couples were fingerprinted and photographed. Then they were sent to the court house for arraignment.

"Well, well, well," the judge said, looking at the four people standing before him. "Why am I not surprised to see you four here again?" The judge was a formidable looking man in his late 50s. 

"This is your third time before me, ladies and gentlemen," the judge said. "I'm afraid this time I have no choice but to sentence you to one year without contact with one another. The ladies will be housed at the women's correctional facility and the men will be in the men's centre."

"One year?" Sam asked quietly. 

"Yes, one year apart," the judge said. "However, before you report to your facilities on Monday morning, you will first report to The Resort."

"The Resort?" asked Ashleigh. 

"Each couple will have their own cottage at The Resort. You have from the time you get there until 7:30 Monday morning to get each other out of your systems," the judge said. "After that, gentlemen you will have no contact with the ladies and ladies you will have no contact with the gentlemen for a year, except for one afternoon in 6 months time. After your one year sentence is up, I do not want to see any of you in my courtroom again, do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, your Honour," Sam said.

"Yes sir," Ashleigh said.

"Yes, Judge," Dean said.

"Perfectly clear, your Honour," Shane said.

"We're adjourned," the judge said, banging his gavel in front of him. Two court officers escorted the couples to two waiting cars. Ashleigh and Samantha rode in one car while Shane and Dean rode in the other.

"I'm nervous, Ash," Samantha whispered while on the way to The Resort.

"Why?" asked Ashleigh. She looked over at her best friend, who sat with her head lowered in embarrassment. "Sam?"

"I've never, um, well - " Samantha started. 

"You're telling me you're a virgin?" Ashleigh asked in surprise. Samantha nodded. "Does Dean know?"

"Yes," Sam answered. "We've messed around some but we've never slept together."

"You'll be fine," Ashleigh said. "Knowing Dean, he'll treat you with kid gloves and he'll be so gentle you'll think you're a princess."

"Not too gently, I hope," Sam giggled. 

"I can't believe that we're not going to be able to see the girls for a year," Shane said.

"I know," Dean said. "We have to pack as much into these next few days as possible." 

"Something's bugging you, man," Shane said. "What is it?"

"It's nothing," Dean said.

"It's gotta do with Sam, doesn't it?" Shane asked. 

"Yeah," Dean said. "It's just that we've never had sex. We've messed around but that's it. In fact, she's an innocent."

"And you're afraid of hurting her," Shane said. Dean nodded. "It'll work out, buddy. Trust me."

They arrived at The Resort an hour later. The guys' car arrived first. They got out of their car and walked over to where Ashleigh and Sam's car was. They each opened a door and assisted the girls out of the car. 

"Wow, look at this place," Ashleigh said, looking around. The Resort consisted of a couple of cottages, placed about 200 feet apart, a park, and a lake. It was surrounded by a cement wall that had a guard station on the outside. 

"We're going to take a look around," Shane said, taking hold of Ashleigh's hand. "See you guys later." They walked to their cottage.

"Do you want to look in the cottage or just go for a walk?" asked Dean. 

"Let's go for a walk first," Sam said. She slipped her hand in Dean's and they began to walk. 

"You're nervous, aren't you?" Dean asked. 

"Yes," Samantha answered, not looking at him. 

"It's ok, sweetheart," Dean said, squeezing her hand lightly. "I'm nervous too." This brought Sam to a stop. She turned to face him.

"You're nervous?" she asked surprised.

"Of course I am," Dean said. "It's your first time."

"I can't think of anyone else I'd rather be with," Samantha said. She raised up on her tiptoes and lightly kissed Dean. He put his arms around her waist and pulled her close as she slipped her tongue into his mouth. She began to explore his mouth with her tongue. Dean's hands slid down her back and cupped her ass, pulling her closer to him. She could feel his arousal against her lower belly. Instinctively she ground her hips against him. 

"Sam," Dean moaned against her mouth, "I want you so badly." 

"I want you," Samantha said. Dean picked Samantha up in his arms and carried her back to the cottage.

"This place is amazing," Ashleigh said, as she and Shane around their cottage. The cottage had a huge living room with a fireplace, a kitchen with an island as well as an oak table and chairs, a bathroom with a shower stall as well as a large soaker tub that comfortably fit two people, and the bedroom had a king-sized, four poster bed. The bedroom also had a fireplace. 

"You know what I want to do right now?" Shane asked. 

"No, what?" Ashleigh said, removing her sandals. 

"I want to cook you dinner," Shane said. They headed out of the bedroom to the kitchen and began looking in the fridge. "How about a stir-fry?" 

"Sounds good to me," Ashleigh said. "While you're doing that I'm going to go take a quick shower." Ashleigh kissed Shane quickly and headed into the bedroom, where she stripped out of her black skirt and white short sleeved blouse. She removed her bra and stepped into the bathroom. She turned the water on and as she waited for the temperature to get to a comfortable level, she noticed a couple of fluffy terry cloth robes on the back of the bathroom door. Ashleigh stepped into the shower and stood beneath the spray. She quickly shampooed her hair. As she soaped her body, she imagined Shane's hands caressing her. She felt the familiar heat of arousal pooling between her thighs as she caressed her breasts and trailed her fingers down her flat tummy to her pussy. She slid two fingers inside her pussy and began to finger herself, imitating the way that Shane fingered her. With her free hand, she played with her nipples. She closed her eyes as she gave herself up to the pleasure that was building inside her. Vaguely she heard the shower door open and when she opened her eyes, she saw Shane standing opposite her, watching her pleasure herself. Normally she would have been embarrassed but she was past the point of caring. She started to finger herself faster and harder, calling Shane's name as did so. It wasn't long before she came, her pussy tightening around her fingers. She slid her fingers from her body and brought them to her mouth, where she licked them clean. Shane kissed her hard and then turned her around so that she was facing the spray. He placed both her hands on the shower stall wall and told her to bend forward a bit. She spread her legs and leaned forward. Shane slid his hand between her legs and stroked her pussy for a few minutes. Then he guided his hard cock to her slick entrance and pushed forward, burying himself to the hilt. Ashleigh moaned in ecstasy as Shane fucked her hard and fast. He pulled her back against him and brought one of her hands to her clit. Together they stroked it. They came together, Shane spilling his seed deep into her womb and Ashleigh milking every last drop from him. They stayed joined until Shane's cock softened. Then they stepped out of the shower and wrapped each other in the robes before heading to the kitchen to make dinner.

Once inside the cottage, Dean carried Samantha into the bedroom where he placed her on the king-sized four poster bed that was identical to the one in Ashleigh and Shane's cottage. In fact, the cottages were identical. He kissed her softly as removed her sneakers and socks. Then he removed his own shoes and socks. 

"We're going to go slow, Sam," Dean said. "Anytime you want, you just say stop and we'll stop. We won't do anything you don't want to do."

"Ok," Samantha said. Dean slowly unzipped her blouse and slipped it off her shoulders. He removed it and placed it at the end of the bed. Sam reached for the hem of Dean's t-shirt and pulled it up his body and over his head. She tentatively touched the curls on his chest before exploring the rest of his upper body with her hands. She removed her bra and jeans, leaving her clad in only her lace panties. Dean stood up and removed his jeans, leaving him in his boxers. Dean cupped Sam's breasts in his hands, kneading them gently. He eased her back onto the bed and lowered his mouth to her left breast. He began to suck and lick her breast as traced light circles around the nipple of her right breast. After a few minutes, he switched his oral attention to the other breast. He kissed his way down her tummy, teasing her navel as he had earlier that day. He loved the sound of her laughter. He continued his way down until he reached the waistband of her panties. Dean began to kiss and nibble his way along the inside of her thighs, spreading her legs as he did so. Sam gasped when she felt his breath on her pussy through her panties. He licked her slit through the panties, making her jump in pleasure as the fabric brushed against her clit. 

"Sam, can I take off your panties?" Dean asked. Sam nodded. Dean grasped the waistband of her panties and tenderly removed them. He kissed her outer labia softly, before slipping his tongue between her lips. She moaned as his tongue slid inside her, fucking her with her tongue the way he had with his fingers earlier. As she got closer to cumming, her hips lifted off the bed, grinding her pussy into his face. As she climaxed, Samantha called out Dean's name, flooding his face with her juices. Dean climbed up the bed and kissed her passionately. Sam could taste herself on his lips and tongue. 

"Dean, I want you," Samantha said. She began to slide his boxers down. He kicked them off.

"Are you sure, Sam?" Dean asked, positioning himself over her.

"I've never been more sure of anything," Sam said. Dean began to ease himself inside her tight wet channel. When he reached the tell-tale barrier of her innocence, he paused. 

"It's going to hurt briefly, Samantha," he said. "I will try to do everything I can to ease it."

"I know, Dean," she said. "Please, I want you." He pushed himself into her slowly, breaking the barrier. Sam gasped at the pain and she bit her lower lip as a few tears escaped. Dean leaned forward and lovingly kissed away the tears. He held himself still inside her as he let her get used to him. Samantha began to move under him as the pain subsided. Dean began to thrust gently and Sam placed her legs around his waist, drawing him deeper. He'd wanted her for so long and she was so tight that it didn't take long for him to cum inside her. Feeling his warm sticky fluid filling her caused Sam to cum too. Dean stayed inside her until he softened and then he rolled off of her. He gathered Samantha in his arms and they soon fell asleep.