 Ben finished the third of a six pack of Bud cans and decided calling the boss a "corporate fucking whore" was probably the wrong approach. He was sitting on the gray carpet of the empty living room in his completely empty house. A perfect ending to a perfect day, he thought. Janet's forwarding address was still taped to the door of the empty fridge. She'd probably get the house he realized, and decided it didn't matter. 

Ben locked things up as he went out. He'd deal with the house later. All his stuff was in the garage, piled in the corner next to the tool box. Ben grabbed what he thought he'd need, and stuffed it into the worn leather saddlebags that were already strapped to the Harley. The machine fired on the first stroke and without looking back he was gone.

Four days later he dropped the shovelhead on it's kick stand in an almost empty parking lot in Wyoming. He checked his face in the tiny mirror, knowing he was already sunburned. The sun, wind, and his shades had conspired to give him that raccoon appearance the road always created. Riding across Texas had been a grueling affair and he was ready to be out of the saddle for a while. 

Ben dragged out a barstool, second from the end of the bar, and sat down. A small oriental woman came from the far end of the slab and asked what he wanted. The beer was cold. She laid the change from a twenty down beside the Bud he'd ordered and, without another word, went back to her cleaning chores. 

As he drank he stared past the twin spires of smoke rising between him and the stranger that peered back from between the bottles behind the bar. It amazed him that four days in the saddle could change him from the neatly groomed, white coated, corporate research specialist to the wind and sun hardened biker type that stared back through the smoke. The folks in the lab probably wouldn't even recognize him. There was little left of his former self, even in the eyes of the stranger.

It was almost one. He was working on his second beer and thinking about food when the daylight from outside hammered into the mirror behind the bar. Three young women came bouncing in. They were all dressed in shorts, t-shirts, and tennis shoes, as if they'd just come from a softball game in the park. They laughed and joked as they seated themselves several seats to his right near the middle of the bar. He understood them to be regulars when the oriental woman set up their drinks without asking what they wanted, and began chattering and joking with them as if they were all good friends. They spoke for just a few minutes before the bartender came down the bar to see if he was ready for another beer.

"We turn on television, you don't mind." It was a statement and not a question. The power came on and she immediately rolled down the channels until Hollywood Park came on the screen. "You do me big favor and move down here, much better seat, closer to beers," she laughed. She grabbed his cigarettes and beer and slid them down the bar..

"Do you mind if we join you? We like to sit close where we can see the horses better. My name is Sandy, that's Bonnie and Maggie."

"Pleased to meet you Sandy. I'm Ben." He reached to shake her outstretched hand. 

"Do you mind if we join you?"

"I'd be offended if you didn't." Sandy took the seat next to him and the other two moved their drinks to their appropriate places as Maggie handed out forms and they all turned to the first race. Then began what seemed to Ben to be a ritual of handicapping by committee. Maggie, a petite blonde with dazzling eyes and an hourglass waist, began the process by reading the conditions of the first race.

"Race one, thirty two thousand maiden claimers, three year olds at six furlongs in the dirt. The one horse is a first time lasix user."

"The three and the six add blinkers for the first time," Bonnie noticed, and Sandy added the observation that the four horse had raced three times and was dropping out of maiden special weight class. The three women went down the page making notes and marks beside each horse as they took turns calling out things they'd noticed in the program. The number three had a bullet work at four furlongs since his last out. The seven horse was getting an apprentice jockey and the appropriate weight break. Ben listened intently to their handicapping insights as he watched the horses for the first race getting their jockeys aboard. 

"Do you play the horses?" Ben's eyes came away from the screen to find Sandy watching him in the mirror.

"Only what my mom taught me," Ben laughed out loud. Sandy laughed with him and repeated his comments to the other two. The three women cheered and shouted their horses down the stretch, and howled with delight when the race finished seven, four, five. Maggie jumped up and did an end zone dance waving the ticket above her head, as the four women high-fived all around. When the race went official the prices were better than any of them had expected. The one dollar exacta had paid them almost sixty dollars. The five had gone off as the longshot of the field, and with the favorite finishing out of the money the trifecta paid one hundred thirty seven."Were you on the seven?" Sandy asked. Ben nodded and smiled. "May I?" she asked reaching to see his ticket. He nodded again. While they had converted twelve into sixty, his ten dollar trifecta key wheel had turned his twenty dollar bill into almost fourteen hundred dollars. 

The fourth race was another maiden claiming affair. As he watched the parade, the nine horse caught his eye. The beast was a huge roan rascal named Crimson Coyote, and was quite simply the best looking horse in the field. The aqua blanketed fillie smoked a weak field for a price of thirty two dollars and his two hundred on the nose returned another large stack of bills.

Between races Ben flipped through a phone book and borrowing the bar phone, made reservations at a place called the Outlaw Motel. Sandy was watching him watch her in the mirror and nodded when he was finished. "When you get lucky you have to ride it out. You have to zen in on anything that has to do with crimson or coyotes. We'll be down there pretty soon ourselves. One of our friends is getting married and the bachelorette party is at the Outlaw tonight."

He had already showered and was sitting at the bar watching the Braves bat against the Cards when the three came bounding up to him. Sandy was in tight new levis and cowboy boots, but the others had changed into what he decided were their posh frocks. Maggie wore a short black leather skirt with a white sleeveless top. Both accentuated her narrow waist and firm round tits. Bonnie had opted for a sun dress, cut low in the back and flaring around her long tapered legs. She was taller than the others, her straight black hair falling loosely down her narrow back.

"How goes the party?"

"We're on a scavenger hunt and we need your help." Maggie slid onto the stool beside him as she spoke.

"I'll help if I can. What are you scavenging for?"

"Number two on the list is; You must go into a bar and ask a man to talk dirty to you."

Ben laughed out loud. They were all smiles and giggles, but he could see Sandy was already blushing. "I can do that," he said. "How dirty do you need me to talk?"

"Just as dirty nasty filthy as you can think of." Bonnie laughed as she spoke. "But you have to whisper to each of us separately, and we can't tell the others what you said until we're adding up the scores. Maggie insisted on going first and the others moved away down the bar where they couldn't hear. As she leaned to listen to him whisper she laid her hand on his thigh. She smelled of soap and shampoo, and hard liquor.

"Ok, here goes," he paused as she leaned her tits against his arm. "You look so good I want to reach up that little leather skirt and finger fuck you right here in public. Clapping her hands she sat back and laughed. "Is that dirty enough?"

"That'll do it." She patted his thigh and moved off to join the others and Sandy came to take her seat.

"Tell me something really filthy. The others didn't think I'd go through with this."

He thought for a moment. "I want to watch you lick Maggie's pussy while I fuck you doggie style." She sat back blushing and aghast. Then she smiled and her face lit up. 

"Thank you Ben, I think we win." She looked him in the eye for just a second, but he could tell she was embarrassed by the whole ordeal and she quickly gave her seat up for Bonnie.

As the lanky brunette leaned over for her whisper, Ben could see the small firm tits down the front her dress. He lingered for a moment, eyeing her large red nipples which were already swollen and hard. When his eyes shifted to hers he knew the peek had been a gift of sorts.

"Something really dirty?" She nodded. "I'm going to lick your cunt until you cum all over my tongue before I let you start sucking my cock. When I'm done filling your mouth with cum I'm going to rub my dick all over your face and tits. I may even let you finger your own pussy while I fuck those big beautiful nipples."

When the three of them took off to finish scavenging, Ben figured the odds of ever seeing them again at somewhere around seventeen to one. He couldn't figure why that number came to mind but it was what he settled on. He was just stepping onto the elevator when Maggie silently caught his arm. They rode to his floor without speaking and the electronic card opened the door on the second try. 

Before it clicked closed again he pinned her to the wall with a kiss. As her arms came around his neck he let his hand slide down her body. She moved against his fingers, her breath warm and moist, when he pushed the skirt up and roughly forced two fingers into her. She moaned and writhed against him. His fingers moved in and out of her, pressing her clit before returning to probe her deepness. He could feel the muscles of her pussy tightening around his fingers and knew she was close. She came in a gush. He fingered her deep, pushing her almost to tip toes as she tightened her grip on his neck. He caught her warm essence and spread it over her inner thighs and the tiny mound of fine soft hair.

She was in the bathroom cleaning herself with a washcloth when he stepped up behind her and unbuckled his belt. She smiled into the mirror and leaned over the vanity, spreading her legs as he slid his cock up between them. She was open and ready and on first penetration he plunged into her to the hilt. He pounded her hard and fast, repeatedly withdrawing and penetrating. He withdrew the final time and let his cock pump cum onto her clit and the fine blonde hair. She reached down between her legs to stroke them both and lubricate them with the cum she caught in the palm of her hand. When he was finished she took up the washcloth and began the cleaning process again. 

"Sandy had to take off early so I guess you don't get to watch her lick my pussy."

"Damn shame." 

"For you," she laughed. I better get back downstairs, they're probably already guessing what I'm doing."

When they reached the bar Bonnie was already there, a magnum of champaign in front of her. She looked at them suspiciously. "Sandy has to work tomorrow so she took off already."

'That's what I figured." Maggie was checking the label on the big bottle. Ben ordered a round of drinks as the girls whispered and giggled. He could pretty much figure the content of the conversation. Maggie's eyes were closed as she recounted their coupling to her friend. When she was finished she excused herself and headed for the ladies room. Bonnie turned on her stool, crossing and re-crossing those long silky legs. 

"Sandy had to leave, does that mean I'm next?"

" If you think what I whispered is a good idea your next. What about Maggie?"

"Do you want her to join us?"

Minutes later he was on his knees beside the bed, his face buried between the soft white thighs. Both women were on the bed, laying side by side on the wine red bedspread, their legs inter-twined as he kissed and licked Bonnie's sweet pink middle. He guided Maggie's fingers to where she could spread Bonnie's pussy as he ran his tongue over both of Bonnie's thighs. The Brunette was moaning softly, one hand over Maggie's rubbing fingers, the other pulling his face back down to where he could probe her insides with his tongue. By the time her moist warmth began oozing out between Maggie's still manipulating fingers, Ben was hard and ready.

He guided Maggie's face down to where her tongue could take the place of his in Bonnie's pussy, and climbed onto the bed beside the brunette's head. He laid the palm of his hand on the tanned skin of her chest, and began tickling and pinching the huge red nipples. Up on his knees he straddled her as he watched Maggie hungrily sucking beneath the small mound of brown fur. He waited, gently rubbing the tip of his cock along the contours of Bonnie's lips and chin.

She rubbed his swollen red dick across her lips one time before taking him deep in her mouth. She sucked him slowly at first, kissing and teasing as she took him in her mouth and then rubbed him all over her face before repeating the procedure. The brunette was one of those lovely creatures that could evidently swallow and breath at the same time, and Ben began thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. She was squirming against Maggie's face and jerking him off as she sucked. He finally came with such force Bonnie had to turn her head and let his cum run out of the corner of her mouth to keep from gagging. Maggie left what she was doing to slide up and take his erection in her mouth and taste the last few spurts from his quickly softening cock. Bonnie lay watching, milking him with her hand as Maggie sucked him dry. 

As he drifted off to sleep Ben decided it really didn't matter that Janet would get the house. In the morning he would let Maggie suck him off in the shower before he had Bonnie in a long, serious, face to face.

With any luck at all he could be back in the saddle and on the road by nine.