 "How was it?"

"It was…it was, wait……. give me as second to catch my breath…. It was fantastic. That describes it perfectly. It was Fantastic!"

"If it was fantastic, why did you say ‘no' so many times?"

"I was saying it softly. I didn't know you heard me."

"You were saying ‘no' even when the head of my cock was at the entrance to your pussy Mrs. Barker. But, I noticed you were saying other things once it was inside."

"Oh, Randy, you make me blush. What was I saying?"

"Don't you remember? You were asking me to go deeper, to fill you completely. You were begging me, ‘Don't Stop! Don't Stop!'"

"I didn't! Did I really say those things?"

"When did you know you wanted me to fuck you? Was it when you felt the head of my cock penetrating you?"

"It was before. I knew before that."

"Was it the second time you said ‘no?'"

"I don't remember. When was it that I said ‘no' the second time?"

"It was when I found your clit. You were shouting ‘NO, NO, NO' but I only counted that time as one no because you were so excited and may not have realized you were chanting ‘no, no, no.'"

"You're embarrassing me! Did I really chant?"

"You said more than no. You were saying things like ‘DO IT! There! Right There! Yes! Yes! Yes!'"

"I remember screaming, ‘I'm COMING!'"

"Mrs. Barker, you've got to tell me when you knew we were going to fuck. Was it when you said ‘no' the first time?"

"You will have to help me. I don't remember the first time I said ‘no.'"

"It was when we came into your house and I kissed you. You said ‘no' before you started returning my kisses. You may have tried to say it again when I moved my hands from you rump to your breasts but I was keeping you busy and you were not objecting."

"Randy, you do make me blush."

"Blush if you must Mrs. Barker but I think you liked it when I played with your tits."

"I didn't object, did I?"

"Was that when you knew we would fuck?"

"It was before that."

"It must have been when we took the first sip of wine at dinner. We were looking into each other's eyes. Was that when you knew?"

"No Randy, it was before that. But why is it important that you know when it was?"

"I didn't think you meant it. I was concerned that I had not respected your wishes by ignoring you each time you said ‘no.'"

"I'm sorry you heard me say that. I didn't mean it. Saying no is something school teachers do. It's a habit. I'm glad you didn't pay attention."

"God, what if I had paid attention the first time you said ‘no?' We wouldn't be lying here naked in your bed."

"I know. It's scary, isn't it?"

"Was it when I called you for the date, Mrs. Barker? Is that when you knew we would fuck?"

"No Randy, it was before that but I don't understand why it's so important to you. Now that you know you didn't do anything wrong by disregarding my saying ‘no,' what difference does it make?"

"Now you're really making me curious. If it wasn't when you heard my voice on the phone….. ~it's been years since you've seen me~ it must have been when I was in high school. Did you know way back then Mrs. Barker?"

"If you must know it was when you were in the eleventh grade. You walked into my class and I thought, ‘I must have that boy.'"

"Are you having fun at my expense Mrs. Barker? It wasn't that way at all, was it?"

"No, it wasn't Randy. I don't exactly know when it was that I knew we would fuck."

"Concentrate, maybe we can get to the bottom of this."

"Randy, really, I don't see the point of this. We knew each other years ago. Presumably, you came home from college and heard that I am living alone and thought, ‘I'll give the old nag a call and see if I can get her into the sack.'"

"It wasn't that way at all Mrs. Barker. You're not an old nag. I never thought that when you were my teacher ~I always loved to watch you walk~ and now that I see you with your clothes off I certainly don't think of you as an old nag."

"I know, I was just teasing."

"If it wasn't when I called you for a date and not when we were at dinner it must have been when we first kissed?"

"I don't think so. I said ‘no.' Remember?"

"But you kissed me back and when I felt your tits through your dress you sort of moaned and stuck your tongue in my mouth. That was when you knew, wasn't it?"

"No Randy, I don't think I knew at that time we were actually going to fuck."

"Then it must have been when I backed you towards your bedroom. I was unbuttoning your dress and you weren't protesting."

"Just because I let you back me into my bedroom and I didn't object when you unbuttoned my dress doesn't mean I had decided we would fuck."

"What were you thinking? Didn't you know my objective was to fuck you? Are you telling me that it hadn't occurred to you that we would fuck?"

"I guess not. I was enjoying what you were doing too much to think ahead." 

"You're kidding me, right? Don't tell me that when I pulled your panties down and began to lick your pussy you didn't think that just maybe, just maybe we would fuck?"

"I did say ‘no.' Remember?"

"I remember you begging me not to stop sucking on your clit. You must have known what was bound to happen next."

"I was intent on letting you satisfy my own needs. I suppose I wasn't thinking ahead about what would take place next."

"I can see how your mind could have been distracted at the time. You were holding on to my head with both hands and announcing to the neighbors that you were coming."

"Thank you for that Randy. I do believe I forgot to thank you before but I did appreciate what you did for me."

"Were you thinking about what was coming next when you watched me get out of my clothes?"

"I was intrigued by the deft agility that you displayed."

"And when I nibbled on you nipples and you moaned with delight? Did you suspect what was coming next?"

"I suppose I was too consumed with emotion to even wonder Randy."

"And when I spread your legs and paused with my prick at the entrance to your pussy. Did it cross your mind what was going to happen next?"

"I did say ‘no.' Remember?"

"I remember you screaming encouragement. I remember you wrapping your legs around my ass and telling me to push deeper, to fill your cunt with my cock."

"I still don't understand why you must know the exact moment that I decided that we would fuck."

"Where are you going?"

"To the bathroom, I need to clean up a bit."

"Hurry back, I'm not finished with you yet."

"Oh?"

"If that's okay with you?"

"When I come back we'll fuck some more. I want to feel you deep inside me again. And afterward, I'll tell you precisely when it was that I knew we would fuck tonight."

"That's a deal Mrs. Barker."

"And Randy, if you happen to hear me say ‘no,' you will disregard, won't you?"

"Trust me Mrs. Barker. I know what it means when you say ‘no.'" "And then we'll discuss your grade."

"Can I assume you'll give me an A?"

"No Randy, If it's as good as before I'll give you an F. As I already told you, ‘it was FANTASTIC!'"