 Don Franco was one of Hollywood’s more successful Talent Agents. He had a couple of well known television soap actors in his stable as well as a few small movie stars, although the bulk of his clients had day jobs.

“Oh yeah, that’s it Sherri honey,” Don groaned, leaning back in his chair as a blonde head bobbed in his lap. The girl sucking his cock was a pretty young aspiring actress who was hoping that Don would take her on as a client, and she was doing her best to convince him of this. Sherri knelt at Don’s feet as her warm lips slid up and down the agent’s hard cock, taking him deep into her sucking mouth.

Don gave a groan, running his fingers through Sherri’s soft blonde hair as she worked more and more of his cock into her throat, doing an incredible job of deep throating him. “I can see you have a lot of talent baby,” he told her, his complement punctuated by a low groan. Sherri worked her mouth back up to the tip of Don’s cock, swirling her talented tongue around the head of penis and then licking her way down the underside of his shaft.

“Oh God!” Don gasped as Sherri’s tongue lightly toyed with his testicles before she sucked them each in turn into her wet mouth. The blonde then moved back to the head of his cock, sucking his hardness back into her mouth. She paused for just a second with only the tip of his between her lips and then plunged her head down, taking his full length inside her mouth and throat, her nose pressed into his lower stomach. Sherri then rose back up his shaft, then sunk back down once more, practically fucked his cock with her mouth.

“You’re going to go a long way in Hollywood baby,” said Don as he grabbed the top of her head and guided her movements, pushing her down hard into his lap.

“Your two o’clock is here Mr Franco,” came the sudden voice of Don’s secretary over the intercom.

“Shit!” swore Don. He wasn’t even close to cumming yet. Don turned his attention to the gorgeous actress at his feet, who had now taken her mouth off his cock and was gently stroking him with her soft hand while she waited for further instructions. “Just scoot under the desk there Sherri honey,” Don told her. “This won’t take too long, you can keep practicing your audition technique while I deal with this.”

“Okay Mr Franco,” Sherri said, shuffling under his desk on her knees. “Am I doing okay so far?”

“You’re doing great,” Don told her, before pulling her face back into his lap. He then pressed the button on his intercom. “Send Brandi in,” he told his secretary.

As Sherri went back to sucking his cock, Don’s two o’clock appointment walked into his office.

Brandi Vavoom (her real name believe it or not), was one of Don’s most successful clients. She had come to him when she was only 18 and convinced him, much like Sherri was now, to take her on as a client. Ten years and two boob jobs later Brandi was one of the hottest actress’s working the B grade, soft-porn, teen bikini movie circuit. Her last film had even been scripted especially for her. ‘Topless Ninja Babes’ had grossed an incredible twenty million at the box office, making it the most successful movie of it’s genre and rocketing Brandi to stardom.

Brandi was dressed in a pink blouse that stretched taut across her very ample 40DD chest (formerly 38D, originally 34B). The top was like a second skin across her huge luscious hooters that had brought so many horny young teenage boys to see her films, and the neckline plunged low, giving Don plenty of her deep cleavage to look at. Brandi also wore a pair of pink high-heeled shoes, accentuating her long, slim legs and a short pink skirt that came to mid-creamy thigh and was slit up one side. The beautiful blonde across strode into Don’s office and took a seat in the chair opposite him, crossed her incredible long legs, the slit of the skirt falling away slightly to display most of her firm sleek thigh. At the sight of the sex goddess Don’s cock trembled inside Sherri’s mouth.

“Hi Donnie!” Brandi said cheerfully.

“Brandi baby!” Don greeted her warmly, doing his best to keep a straight face as Sherri started deep throating his cock once again. “I’ve got some good news for you baby.”

“Oo!” Brandi squealed excitedly, bouncing in her chair. The movement caused her impressive chest to jiggle inside her blouse. “What is it?”

Don picked up a thick script from his desk and leant forward, handing it to Brandi without getting up from his chair. Brandi had to lean forward herself to take it, giving Don a good view down the open front of her blouse.

Brandi bit her tongue and frowned in concentration as she read the front cover of the script, as if it was an effort for her to concentrate. The truth was Brandi was not all that smart, in fact she was your typical blonde bimbo, who’d gone through life relying on her looks rather than her brains to get by. Which was a good thing as she had plenty of looks and not a lot of brains.

“Universal Studios?” Brandi asked, reading aloud.

“That’s right!” Don said with an excited nod. “It’s a big studio movie, this is your big break!”

“Whoopee!” said Brandi happily, clapping her hands together. She then looked back down at the script title. “Legal Damages?”

“Yep,” agreed Don, sighing softly as he felt Sherri’s tongue slide up the slit on the head of his cock, lapping up his pre-cum. “You’ll play the part of Police Officer Jenny Steele, opposite Jean Claude Van Damme.”

“I love him!” Brandi exclaimed, bouncing in her chair again. She then frowned, “A police officer? I don’t know the first thing about how to act as a police officer.”

“I know,” Don told her with an indulgent smile. “That’s why I’ve arranged for you to do some special research.”

“Special research?”

“You’ll spend a day with the City Police Department. You can find out all about police procedures, interrogation techniques, investigations, everything.”

“Do I get to ride in a police car?” Brandi asked hopefully, her eyes lighting up.

“Sure,” agreed Don, moaning audibly as Sherri started to bob her head rapidly up and down over his cock once again.

“Are you okay?” Brandi asked with concern.

“I’m fine,” Don told her breathlessly. He then threw a business card in her direction, it flew past her and landed on the floor off to her right. “That’s Sergeant Tom Robertson’s card. Meet him first thing tomorrow at the Police Station.”

“Thanks Don!” Brandi said, standing up to leave. When she bent at the waist to pick up the business card, her perfect ass presented towards Don, the casting agent came, his cum flooding Sherri’s busily sucking mouth as he let out a long groan of pleasure.


“Are you sure you’re okay?” Brandi asked him again.

“I’m fine!” Don managed to gasp as he waved her away with one hand, his other holding Sherri’s head down into his lap while her shot his load into her mouth.

“Okay then, I’ll see you after my day as a Police woman!” Brandi said as she walked out of the office, her hips moving in a seductive sway as she closed the door behind her.

***

“You’re shitting me!” exclaimed Detective Rick Stephens of the City Police Department as he gazed at the gorgeous busty blonde that graced the cover of that months FHM Magazine. It was none other than Brandi Vavoom, wearing an ultra skimpy black string bikini.

“I shit you not,” replied Sergeant Tom Robertson with a grin.

“You mean that babe is coming here for a couple of days to research for a role?” asked Rick’s partner, Detective Tony Mitchell.

“That’s right,” confirmed Tom with a nod, his grin widening, “and I hear she’s really as dumb as she acts in her films. Her agent is a good mate of mine and he told me to take extra special care of pretty young Brandi.”

Tom sat the front desk of the City Police Department, with his four best friends gathered around him, all gaping at the magazine with the glamour shot of Brandi on the front. There was Detective Tony Mitchell and his partner Rick Stephens, Uniformed Officer Danny Pates, and also Jerry Robertson who was not a cop at all, but was Tom’s brother. Jerry often came to the station to hang out with his brother and the other guys, he was a bit of a deadbeat who didn’t have a job and slept most nights on Tom’s couch.

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Jerry asked his brother, his eyes twinkling with mischief.

Tom flicked the magazine open to the interview with Brandi, a full-page picture from her recent movie ‘Topless Ninja Babes’ illustrating the article. The picture showed Brandi wearing nothing but a g-string, a strategically place nunchaku hiding her nipples as she held it out in front of her in a fighting pose.

“Hell yes,” Tom agreed. “We’re going to have some serious fun with this bimbo. Gather ‘round and listen up boys.”

***

Brandi Vavoom stepped into the City Police Department, almost shaking with nervousness. She had stayed up late last night watching all the Police Academy and Naked Gun movies so she had a vague idea how a cop was supposed to act.

Brandi was dressed in her most professional outfit, a black business jacket with a loose fitting white blouse beneath and a short black skirt that was slit up one side, letting her sleek thigh poke out as she walked. Brandi sauntered up to the front desk on her very high-heeled shoes, her expansive bosom jiggling inside her blouse as she moved.

“I’m here to see Captain Robertson,” Brandi told the officer behind the desk. Her hair was tied up in a bun behind her head and her face was perfectly made up. She looked like a picture right out of one of her movies. Only with more clothes on.

“Ah you mean Sergeant,” said the officer, picking up the phone on his desk and calling Tom’s number. “There’s a woman here to see you Sarge.”

A few minutes later Tom arrived at the front desk to greet Brandi. Tom was a big man, a few inches over six feet with a bulky build. Perhaps a little overweight, but in reasonable shape. He was in his late thirties although he didn’t carry his age too well, looking closer to fifty.

“Miss Vavoom I presume?” said Tom as he extended his hand towards Brandi.

“Yes, are you Captain Robertson?” Brandi asked, her voice shaking slightly as Tom towered over her.

Tom shook her hand, “It’s a pleasure to meet you Miss Vavoom, I’m a big fan!”

“Really?” Brandi said in surprise. “Please, call me Brandi.”

“I love your movies Miss..Brandi,” said Tom. “Especially the ninja one, you were incredible in that.”

“Thank you so much,” Brandi said, blushing slightly at the compliment.

“Follow me Brandi, I’ll show you around the station.”

Tom took Brandi through the police station, introducing her to the many cops there. Whenever she past a desk, the eyes of those behind her would be drawn to her wiggling ass as she swayed her hips through the station. Once Tom had taken her right through the station he took her out to the uniform and equipment room.

“You’re here with us for two days right?” Tom checked.

“Um yes I think so,” Brandi said, smiling sweetly. She then giggled, “I can’t believe I’m inside a police station, this is so exciting!”

Tom smiled indulgently. “I think today you can get a chance to head out on the streets with me in a squad car and get an idea of a day in the life of a uniformed police officer. Then we’ll hook you up with some detectives tomorrow and you can find out about investigation and undercover work.”

“Sounds like fun!” Brandi agreed readily. “Do I get to wear a police uniform then?” she asked hopefully.

“Well you can’t wear a proper uniform until you’re a fully trained officer,” Tom told her, watching her face fall in disappointment. “But I can get you a special trainee police officer outfit if you like.”

“That’ll be groovy!” Brandi conceded.

“Great it’s settled then,” said Tom, picking up a tape measure from one of the shelves beside him. “I’ll just measure you up and find you one, then you can get changed and we’ll hit the pavement.”

“Great!” Brandi exclaimed, happily clapping her hands together in excitement.

“Okay let’s see..” murmured Tom, crouching down beside her and measuring the outside of Brandi’s right leg, running his palm briefly across her smooth thigh. He turned and made a not of the measurement on a scrap of paper. Tom then wrapped the tape measure around Brandi’s waist, standing behind her and admiring her firm posterior as he noted first her waist, then her hips. Tom braved a light pat of Brandi’s skirt clad ass before he once again crouched down in front of her.

“Instep,” he murmured, running the tape measure up the inside of Brandi’s long legs. The lovely blonde actress gasped as Tom’s hand ran the tape measure right up under her skirt, all the way up to her crotch. Tom looked up her skirt as if to read the top of the tape measure, the back of his knuckles rubbing across Brandi’s pubic mound. He spent a moment admiring her skimpy white panties before extracting his hand at last and noting down the measurement.

“Okay, now the top,” he said, standing up in front of Brandi, trying to hide the anticipation on his face. He had her spin around and measured across the width of her shoulders then turned her back to face him. He ran the tape measure around her torso, just below the level of her bosom and measured it at the front, brushing the tops of his hands across the underside of her heavy breasts.

“Bra cup size?” he asked her.

Brandi blushed, “Um a Double D.”

“Really?” Tom asked her, tilting his head slightly and looking at her chest, her loose fitting blouse made it quite hard to tell just how big she was. “They look bigger.”

Brandi glanced down at her own chest doubtfully. “I think so,” she told him, suddenly uncertain herself.

“Let me check,” Tom told her assuringly. He reached out with both hands and gently cupped Brandi’s ample breasts. He let the big orbs fill his palms and rolled his hands around their girth. Tom hefted them slightly and gave them a gentle squeeze. Keeping his hands covering her tits, Tom stared thoughtfully off to the side as if measuring their size. He gave her breasts another squeeze, a little firmer this time. “Maybe you’re right,” he admitted, giving the lovely melons one final squeeze before stepping back away from her. “Okay I’ll grab you a uniform.” He said, heading towards the back of the room and picking out a few items of clothing.

He returned and led Brandi next door to a small room that had a mirror along one wall and a table and chairs in the center. “You can get changed in here,” he told her, handing her the uniform and leaving, closing the door behind him.

Tom quickly hurried through the next door along where Danny Pates was waiting for him. He got there just in time to see Brandi slowly unbuttoning the front of her blouse.

“Jackpot Tom,” Danny said with a grin, giving his fellow officer the thumbs up as the two of them stepped up close to the two-way mirror to watch Brandi getting changed. They both gave a sharp intake of breath as Brandi shrugged her blouse off her shoulders, unveiling her massive tits encased in a very sexy white satin push-up bra.

“They’re huge!” breathed Tom softly, licking his dry lips. Brandi’s bra looked as though it was a size or two too small, the ample flesh of her big tits bulging above the tops of her bra invitingly, her cleavage amplified ridiculously.

Brandi reached around behind her to unzip her skirt, the action causing her mind-boggling breasts to jut out even further from her chest. She then leant forward to pull down her skirt, her big boobs hanging only a few feet from the mirror as her skirt fell to her ankles.

“Oh my God!” gasped Danny as Brandi turned and bent over to pick up her uniform, she was wearing a tiny white g-string that left very little the imagination. Tom had got a good look at her panties earlier but now he saw the way the skimpy piece of lingerie left her perfect ass bare and felt his loins tingling in appreciation.

“What I wouldn’t give for a piece of that,” murmured Tom as he stared at the gorgeous blonde actress, now wearing only her underwear.

“You should have made her take her bra off,” Danny told Tom as they watched Brandi pull on a pair of skintight police issue trousers. The pants clung to every curve of her sleek thighs and nicely rounded ass. Brandi then put on a navy blue t-shirt that looked a couple sizes too small, stretching taut across her more than ample chest. Across her impressive rack was the letters CPD (City Police Department). Brandi didn’t notice it, but written on the back was ‘Trainee Cocksucker’.

“She’s a fucking wet dream,” Danny told Tom as Tom heading for the door to meet Brandi again.

“How do I look?” Brandi when she saw Tom emerge from the next door down the hallway. The bubbly blonde did a quick twirl so that Tom could see her new look.

“Fantastic,” murmured Tom softly in appreciation. His eyes were drawn to the way her expansive bosom stretched the letters CPD out across her chest. 

Brandi smiled happily at the compliment and clapped her hands together. “So what’s next Captain Robertson?” she asked eagerly.

Tom was tempted for a brief moment to tell her to suck his dick but instead he answered, “Let’s head out on the road and see if we can get a little action.”

“Groovy!”

Tom smiled indulgently and led the voluptuous actress turned police officer down to the stations car park basement and to his squad car.

“This is, like, so cool!” Brandi squealed as Tom opened the door for her and she jumped into the squad car.

“First time in a police car?” Tom asked her.

“Yep!”

“Not even the back seat?” Tom asked with a wink.

“I’m not that kind of girl!” protested Brandi.

“No, I mean you’ve never been arrested or picked up by the cops,” explained Tom.

“Oh, no not me.”

“A good girl then,” Tom said with a smile, closing the door and heading around to the drivers side of the car.

“There’s so many buttons!” Brandi said to Tom when he got in beside her.

Tom patted Brandi’s knee, “Now no touching unless I tell you, Officer Vavoom.”

Brandi giggled, “I guess I am a police officer for now then.”

“Well a trainee anyway,” Tom agreed as he started the squad cars engine and they began their day on the road.

Tom drove the car out onto the streets of the City and headed for the run down side of town where they were more likely to see some action.

“So what’s the movie you’re researching for?” Tom asked Brandi as he drove through the streets, keeping his eyes pealed for trouble.

“It’s a Van Damme movie, my first major studio film,” Brandi excitedly told Tom.

“Wow,” said Tom. “Congratulations.”

“Thanks!” Brandi replied, blushing a little.

“See that car up ahead?” Tom asked her, pointing to a brown Cadillac that was weaving all over the road ahead of them.

“Yes,” nodded Brandi. “He’s not driving very straight.”

“Probably a drunk,” agreed Tom, flicking a switch on the dashboard in front of him and turning on the squad cars lights and sirens.

“Wee!” squealed Brandi enthusiastically as Tom took off after the drunk driver.

The driver pulled over as Tom drove up behind him, sirens blaring.

“Come with me,” said Tom as he opened his door, “I’ll show you how to test a drunk driver.”

“Groovy, I’m sure Officer Jenny Steele will need to know that!” said Brandi, slipping into her upcoming character a moment.

“Good evening occifer,” slurred the car’s driver as Tom and Brandi approached his window.

“It’s morning not evening,” corrected Brandi helpfully.

Tom ignored her, “Have you had anything to drink today sir?”

Brandi peeked into the car, the man in there actually looked a little like Tom, little did she know it was in fact Tom’s brother Jerry, pretending to be drunk.

“Maybe a beer or two,” admitted Jerry, “…or three.”

“Step out of the car please sir,” ordered Tom.

As Jerry made an over-exaggerated stumble out of the car, Tom turned to Brandi. “Okay Officer Vavoom, I’m going to have you administer the Field Sobriety Test to the suspect. It’ll be good practice for you, just do exactly as I tell you.”
