  A Collaboration between Loxarchos and frustratedthoughts

"Well, I'm here to recover my riding crop," he said with a grin. "I suspected that you snatched it." He tapped the leather crop against his palm.

Clearing her throat, she lifted her eyebrow, and said, "Um, what are you going to do with that crop, Jere?"

He looked at her with a smirk, and casually cracked the crop through the air. "I tend to use it on those who deserve it, or need it."

"Ahem....well then." Bethany swallowed and quietly started to back up.

Jere paced after her quietly, tapping the crop in his hand. "Sometimes those who need, or deserve it tend to get trapped. Do you see any exits?"

She gulped again, and backed up a bit faster. "Ahem, what are you doing, Jere?"

"Well, Bethany, I am backing you into a corner, to start," he said slyly, matching her pace, still tapping the crop. 

She swallowed hard, cleared her throat, and backed up further still. "Hey, calling you pretty was a complement! Don't be mad!

Jere approached her, his eyes neutral, and his voice soft with just an edge of menace. "Oh, Bethany, are you scared?" He let the crop gently trace her face and torso, his eyes on hers, just watching.

Backed into the corner, Bethany's mouth went dry. Her words and wit had left her, and she just stood there, trembling before him.

He smiled thinly at Bethany, her fear igniting something in him. "Good."

The crop descended with a sharp WHAP, and WHAP again on each of her thighs. Then suddenly it was under her chin, lifting her eyes to his again.

Bethany saw his eyes darken as he slowly smiled at her, in a decidedly less-than-friendly manner. His look was intimidating to say the least, and her unease grew.

She inhaled sharply, and cried out when his crop made contact with her thighs, and stinging pain spread out from the point of impact. When Jere lifted her chin with the crop to meet his gaze, her eyes were wide, and her lips quivered.

He reached over and brushed a thumb over her lips. The gentleness belied the look in his eyes. Then without warning, the crop descended with another WHAP on her left thigh, then a WHAP on her upper right arm.

Again the crop lifted her face to meet his gaze. "So pretty, but you know you're in trouble, don't you?" he commented. "Deep trouble."

As Bethany felt the gentleness of his touch on her lips, spine relaxed slightly. Then she gasped, and hissed out a breath as the crop found its mark...once...twice... Jere lifted her face again, and she only felt an overwhelming sense of dread.

"He's right," Bethany thought. "I am in trouble, but I am turned on too."

Abruptly, he spun her about and forced her arms out along the wall. He grunted as he forced her legs open, running the crop over her ass and upper thighs. Spread-eagle against the wall, her heart was pounding, limbs trembling. The combination of his rough handling, and the soft stroke of the crop gave her chills and goose bumps.

Leaning in close, with his breath hot in her ear, he asked, "Do you know what's going to happen, Bethany? Answer me."

Bethany couldn't form the words; her mind a blank. When she just shook her head, she felt him squeeze her shoulder hard, demanding an answer.

"I....I...don't know, Sir," she finally stuttered.

At her referral to him as 'Sir', he smiled. The crop rose up to invade the space between her legs, jutting up against her uncomfortably, as he gave her the gentlest of kisses on her cheek.

"Whatever I want," he said, mildly. "Whatever I want." He laid another soft kiss on her cheek, followed by a mildly stinging WHAP on the back of her right thigh. Then he asked, "And what are you to me?"

The juxtaposition of his sweet kisses with the stinging slaps sent Bethany's senses haywire. Off-kilter, she didn't know what to expect. Gradually she found herself losing her tenuous grip of control over her actions.

"I am whatever you want, Sir."

"Good girl," Jere praised her, softly.

He backed up, taking time to appreciate the soft beauty of her spread-eagled for him. She felt him stand in silence behind her, and wondered what he was doing. Bethany didn't need to wonder long; though, as she felt the pain of the crop as it descended once, twice, three, then four times upon her upturned buttocks, with more force than she had felt before that night. She cried out as searing pain spread over her backside. Tears welled up, and dripped down her cheeks involuntarily.

"You are my good girl, aren't you?" he rasped, as his breath grew heavier.

"Such lovely tears," Jere thought to himself. The sight of them sharpened his desire even more. He mouthed soothing, cooing sounds and stepped in close. He ran his hand gently over the red marks on her ass. She inhaled sharply, and winced as he touched her burning ass cheeks. Then he turned her face to his, and kissed her cheeks and lips sweetly, softly, tasting the salt of her tears. As he continued to kiss away her tears, she shivered.

"Good girl," he whispered, again, as one hand softly stroked her inner thigh. He looked into Bethany's eyes as he gently cupped her between her legs. "This is mine too, isn't it?" he questioned, mildly.

Jere's hand on her thigh gave her chills as he stroked back and forth. When he reached between her legs, she shuddered and sniffled. Then she whispered, Yes, Sir. It is yours."

"Good girl," he said, as he kissed her again. "I'll be using you soon, but first..."

He gave her another soft kiss on her lips, as he pushed down on her shoulders, bringing her down to her knees. His hardness jutted out now, just in line with her lovely face. Jere caressed her still wet cheek, a thumb running over her mouth again as he smiled at her.

"Good girls ask first, don't they?" 

She knelt at Jere's feet, his hard length at eye level. He was firm, throbbing, twitching with every movement. The pulse of his heartbeat was visible under his smooth skin. Bethany could see the lines of veins running along the surface of his cock, and a little drop of precum dripping from his velvety head. She longed to taste him, and to lap up that drop. Somehow, though, she knew better than to touch. Bethany looked up from the floor to meet his dark gaze. "Please, Sir. May I?" she asked

The look on her face and in her eyes sent a lustful shiver down Jere's spine, but he controlled himself enough to nod curtly, his hand on her cheek. "You may," he answered, before he suddenly gave her jaw a hard squeeze. It was easier for Jere to control himself by being harsh on her. "Don't displease me, understand?"

She nodded, and nuzzled her cheek into his palm as he let go of her jaw. "Yes, Sir," Bethany sighed, and then she began her worship.

Placing both hands just above his knees, she slowly ran her fingertips up his thighs, touching lightly, a direct contrast to his rough treatment with the crop. After she reached his hips, she used her fingernails to barely graze Jere's skin as she leisurely slid them back down the insides of his thighs. He tried to maintain a stern, unblinking expression as Bethany teased her way up his thigh and hip. However, he couldn't help but shudder at her gradual, yet effective assault. Goose bumps appeared in the wake of her delicate touch, and Bethany could just barely hear him sigh.

She leaned forward, replaced her fingertips with her tongue, and tenderly traced up his inner thigh where her nails just had been. Up, up, up his inner thigh to the crease where his thigh met his hips, she roamed. She nibbled there, and licked, tasting his skin. Her left hand softly ran up his right inner thigh and gently stroked and caressed his heavy balls. The look on his face unraveled as he let out a few gasps, the sharpest occurring when she caressed his balls. With light little touches, and movements, Bethany kissed back down that thigh crease, and then positioned herself in front of Jere's throbbing cock once more. His cock was leaking precum, and she slowly used the tip of her tongue and licked it off. Then she looked up again to meet his gaze, and looked at him, questioningly, as she awaited further instructions. He closed his eyes briefly, and shivered when she licked off his precum.

Then he met her gaze again. "The balls and the shaft," he gasped, barely able to give instructions. "But your eyes on mine... the whole time."Yes, Sir," Bethany murmured. She kept looking into his eyes, and touched the tip of her tongue to his balls. She licked them with the flat of her tongue, and lightly flicked his skin with the tip. Her tongue snaked down to lick the very underside of his sack, making him shiver. Gently, she took his balls into her hot mouth, one at a time, and sucked softly, rolling her tongue over him. Jere's body twitched and he shivered slightly as she continued to work on his balls. His breath grew even more ragged with every lick and suck.

Then she started to lick and nibble around the base of his hard cock. Bethany used her tongue to trace the lines of veins on his skin, watching him all the while. His shaft throbbed more as her tongue travelled over it. The look in her eyes, as they remained locked on his almost pushed him over the edge several times, but he was able to maintain control. Her fingers dug into the back of Jere's thighs, holding him close. She wriggled a bit as she knelt, clearly turned on by worshipping his cock.

Jere noticed her wriggling as she pleasured and worshiped him. He managed a smile through his increasingly sharp gasps. "Are you wet, my good girl?" he said, one hand running through her hair as her tongue ran up and down his shaft. "Does this turn you on?"

"Mmmhmmm, Sir," she replied. "This turns your girl on very much. I love your cock, Sir. May I suck now, please?"

"You may," Jere whispered, his eyes still locked on hers. He ran his hand through her hair, and brought her up to his slick cock head. "I'm going to fuck your face. Keep your eyes on mine, still," he said. Then he added, "And I want you to play with yourself while you suck me off." He knew that he couldn't keep up for much longer, but her worship had him entranced.

At his permission, Bethany smiled with anticipation. She gently took hold of the base of his cock with my right hand, and held it steady. Then she lapped up the precum that he had made for her again. Still holding your gaze, her dark eyes locked on his, she softly closed her warm, wet mouth over the head of his cock, and started to suck. As her mouth teased, then enclosed him, his chest heaved. He tried to keep his eyes on hers, as he had made her promise him. But, as her sucking began in earnest he couldn't help but close his eyes, and lean back, as if to prevent him from suddenly exploding in her mouth.

Bethany sighed as she saw him close his eyes for just a second, and she started to swirl her tongue over and around the head of his cock as she sucked. Her left hand found its way down between her legs, and she gasped as she started to slowly stroke her hard clit and dripping wet pussy. She slid her mouth farther down his shaft...farther...farther, until she gagged just a little bit, and backed off. Then she slid back down again, further than before. More and more, she took his cock in deeper this way. Finally, she had as much of him in her throat as she could take.

Then she began to suck in earnest, with long strokes in and out of her mouth. His hands wrapped painfully around her hair, as he moved in time to her sucking, fucking her mouth. She suckled, and her tongue moved over him, around him constantly. She used her right hand to squeeze him softly, and to stroke where she couldn't take him all in. Spit leaked out around the corners of her mouth, trailed down her chin, and dripped to her chest.

The sight of all the saliva trailing down Bethany's chin finally did him in. He growled, and pulled her off, then wrenched her painfully up to your feet. After she was on her feet, he was everywhere at once, biting, kissing, and licking, everywhere that he could reach. He rained kisses and bites on her neck, her cheeks, and her lips. He was rough, insistent, and all thoughts disappeared from her chaotic mind. All she could do was feel. "You know what I'm going to do to you?" he growled in her ear. Bethany was too far gone to answer him, and she just shook her head, lost in the feeling of him.

He half-carried, half-pulled her to the nearby bed, still nipping at her neck. Then plunked her down on her back. He plunged two of his fingers brutally inside her pussy without warning, smiling at the wetness he found there, and the moan that she released at his touch. Roughly, he worked his fingers in and out of her soaking hole, as he suckled eagerly at her throat. With bites and licks, he worked his way to her breasts. Once there, he hungrily sucked, nibbled, and licked at her hardened nipples. Without realizing it, Bethany reached for him, tangling her hands in his hair. He toyed with her, his mouth latched on to her hard little buds, and his fingers fucking her pussy.

In no time, Jere found that he could hold back no more, and he pulled her legs apart. "I'm going to fuck you," he said simply, starkly. "Until you beg me to stop." Using one hand he kept her pinned to the bed, while the other guided his cock into her, invading greedily.

"Oh, fuck," she sighed, as she felt his throbbing cock slide into her soaked pussy. There was no preamble, no hesitation, he was just buried fully and deeply with one stroke. She gasped at the intrusion, the feeling of fullness. Her eyes wide, she looked at him in a haze. Bethany's gasp, and her wide eyes fired him even more. For a few moments Jere rutted into her vigorously, mercilessly, taking pleasure in the sight of her hammered so, but then he slowed, wanting it to last. His eyes remained on hers, and he began to move in and out of her with slow, deliberate thrusts. Then, he clamped one hand over her throat. Not harshly, or painfully, but just enough to be slightly uncomfortable. He stroked he thumb over her cheek, his eyes boring into hers.

"Fuck, you...feel so...damn good," Bethany moaned. Her scrambled brain was empty of everything but Jere, and the way he made her his own. Unable to move, unable to avert her gaze, she felt pressure starting to build.

He saw her losing herself, and it drove him even harder, but then he realized that he wanted to demand one last thing of her. "Stop," Jere commanded, as he slowed down. He worked his thumb into Bethany's mouth as he caressed her cheek, and decreased the pressure her neck slightly. "No cumming without permission," he growled, as he continued to move slowly inside of her. "Understand?"

She whimpered at his latest command, and began sucking on his thumb, licking and nibbling like it was his throbbing cock. As she suckled his thumb, his eyes rolled back with pleasure. He had slowed down, but...God...he felt so damn good. With every thrust in, he brushed against her swollen clit, and it was driving her insane. 

He finally began to speed up again, just a little. Then he removed his hand from her neck in order to grab her hips. He spread her legs wider, and pulled her own hand down so she could play with her swollen clit while he fucked her. "Play with yourself," he ordered, his thumb still in her mouth. "But, remember, no cumming without permission."

Bethany moaned around his thumb as the fingers of her right hand found her hard little nub, and started to rub. Faster, and faster, she worked her clit, as Jere resumed his deep thrusting once more. She was trying to hold back, to be his good girl. "It...Just....feels so...fucking good, Sir," she gasped aloud.

His sweat dripped onto her torso as he drove himself harder and faster into her. She shook her head back and forth, as if trying to deny the immense pleasure that she felt. Her left hand was locked around his wrist, digging her nails into his flesh, holding on for dear life. The feeling of her clawing into his arm, watching her head rock back and forth as she lost control, only spurred him closer to the edge. She felt so damn good around him, under him, and they were both so close.Jere pulled his thumb out of her mouth as his thrusts became deep enough and hard enough to lift her up off the bed. "You must...ask...for permission," He growled, on the verge himself.

Bethany whimpered and groaned, as she writhed beneath him. There was a short somewhere between her brain and her mouth, and she struggled to formulate thoughts and needs into words. "Please," she begged. "Please, Sir. Can I cum for you?"

"Yes," he responded too quickly, as he was so close himself. "Yes, cum for me...now." He continued to jackhammer into her as he raced closer to his own peak.

At his words, her head lolled back, and her back arched up off the bed. Her fingers rubbed frantically over her clit, while his hard cock pounded into her. His sweat dripped on to her chest and mingled with her own. Their slick bodies slid over each other as her hand gripped his shoulder. The pressure continued to build, as she sighed, moaned, and writhed beneath him.

"Fuck....Sir.......I.....I....can't.....God.....fuck, fuck, fuck......I'm...I'm going to...God...I'm cumming! She growled, guttural animalistic sounds ripping from her throat, as she reached her peak, struggling with and against the sensations flooding through her. Jere was hammering into her so hard that his balls slammed against her ass over and over again. It wasn't long before he could feel himself losing control as well, as he watched Bethany writhe, listened to her moans, and felt her hand gripping his shoulder hard.

Her hot, dripping pussy clamped rhythmically around Jere's cock, as she screamed her pleasure for him. It was suddenly too much, and with an anguished shout he pushed up hard against her as she spasmed around him. Jere stiffened, and then began to shoot ropes of cum deep inside Bethany's quivering pussy, again, and again, and again. After she rode the last waves of her orgasm, Bethany fell limply back on the bed. Not a minute later, he collapsed atop of her. His cock still twitching inside her; their heartbeats slowing together.

Jere rested his sweaty forehead on Bethany's, his weight on top of her, holding her still. Her breathing gradually began to slow and return back to normal, and her pulse became less erratic. He lifted his head a little and looked at her, concern in eyes. "Are you okay," he whispered. "That was, um, intense."

Bethany leaned up, and licked the sweat from the end of Jere's nose with a giggle. "I have no complaints at all, and I can't wait to do this again!"

Jere chuckled at her giggle and smiled back at her. Then he kissed her gently on the lips. "I should lose my riding crop more often," mused, grinning as he pulled Bethany close to hug and cuddle her.