 It's been a long trip for you on the Amtrak train. You're tired, the seats are uncomfortable, and you've read the same magazines twice already. As your eyes cross over to the window, you notice a young man looking at you. When your eyes meet, he quickly looks away and pretends not to notice that you have seen his gaze. He is in his mid to late twenties, not bad looking, with a reddish blond goatee. His hair falls to his shoulders, and is rather wavy. You sigh, knowing that the last time you slept with a man in his twenties was when YOU were in your twenties. 

You stand and stretch your legs, thinking that maybe you'll take yet another walk through the train. It's dark, and most people are sleeping, so they'll probably leave you alone. You walk down the aisle, and proceed down the stairs. You turn left down the hall in the lower level (since you went right during your last exploration) and find yourself at a dead end in a moment. You turn around and head back the way you came. As you near the tiny closets that Amtrak calls bathrooms, a hand comes out of the darkness and takes your hand. Startled, you let out a little yelp, and the young man you was watching you from the upper level comes out of the shadows.

"Don't be scared, I'm not some kind of psycho," he says. You giggle nervously.

"Why are you following me?" you blurt it out, aware that he might be a psycho anyway.

"Well..." he licks his lips,"You know that I was looking at you upstairs." He watches your face for an answer.

"Yeah, I noticed." You grow curious as to what he wants. Standing this close to him, you get a crazy urge to touch his goatee, to see if it is as soft as it looks.

"I have a crazy question for you." He clears his throat nervously, and glances at the stairs. "Can I kiss you?"

In shock, you begin to feel your heart beating. Why would he want to kiss me? I can't believe I'm doing this....

"Um...okay," you reply.

He leans forward and lightly brushes his lips against yours. Yes, his goatee IS soft. His tongue lightly comes out and touches your lips. You lean into the kiss, and your mouths merge, allowing your tongues to rub against each other softly. Of course, this young man is me. My arms move around your waist, and your hands move up to rest against the back of my neck. I pull you closer to me, against me, and you suddenly feel a bulge against your lower belly, and your pussy begins to moisten with the thought. One of my hands moves up into your hair, and rubs against your scalp. Your hand moves to my ass, and squeezes it. Ah, a twenty-five year old ass, you think delightfully to yourself, as all kinds of images begin to run through your mind. My mouth moves to your cheek, and to the place between your jaw and your ear, and then to your earlobe and the place behind your ear, sending shivers through you. My tongue brushes against your neck, tasting your skin. You begin to shake slightly, and you realize that not only is your pussy wet, but your panties are beginning to grow positively SOAKED. My hands move suddenly to the front of your blouse, and begin to unbutton it. What the hell, you ask yourself, and then decide to just go with it. This guy has made you HORNY!

You aren't wearing a bra (after all, train rides are FAR more comfortable that way), and my hands cup your breasts, my thumbs and forefingers squeezing your nipples, sending jolts of electricity through your aroused body. My mouth moves lower, and sucks one of your erect nipples into my mouth. My tongue moves in circles around it, periodically squeezing it between my lips. You gather your courage and your wits, and reach down to squeeze that bulge in my jeans. Not a prize winner as far as size is concerned, but as far as being a potentially good fuck, it is MORE than adequate, you think to yourself. I moan from your touch, and suddenly I reach behind you to open the door of the tiny bathroom.

"Go," I say, in a hoarse whisper. We stumble into the bathroom, one of my hands in your hair, and you still holding my cock firmly through my jeans. The door shuts, and you decide to see for yourself what I have to offer you. You fall on your knees before me, and unzip my pants. You unbutton the flap on my boxer shorts, and my cock pops out, looking you right in the face. Not bad, you think to yourself. Big and thick enough for a good fuck, narrow enough to fit in my mouth nicely without straining my jaw. As if to test this theory, your tongue comes out and licks the head. A small amount of pre-cum oozes out, and you lick it off, glancing up at me. I moan from your wet tongue, and my eyes close, grasping at the handrail with one hand and leaning back against the wall. You put my entire cock in your mouth, and your hands move to my ass, squeezing it firmly. One of my hands moves to the back of your head, resting on your scalp, not pushing, just touching your head as your mouth moves back and forth on my cock. You realize that you will probably have to change your panties because you can feel your pussy juices beginning to run down your legs.

I grasp your shoulders suddenly and pull you up. Without a word, I lift you onto the sink in here and pull down your pants. I lean in to kiss you fiercely, one hand holding your breast while the other moves against your wet panties, rubbing against your pussy. You exhale sharply and I begin to move my mouth lower. My tongue traces a trail down your body, with rest stops at your nipples and belly button. My hands pull your panties to your ankles, and now it is my turn to kneel. My hands wrap around your thighs, and I tug on your pussy lips with my mouth.

My tongue comes out and flicks here and there. It moves to your clit and suddenly your body shudders in a violent orgasm. My God, you think to yourself, I haven't cum THAT fast since I bought my first vibrator. I am REALLY turned on! My tongue flicks back and forth against your clit, and my fingers enter you. They move about three inches in, and curl up against your upper pussy wall, against the button there that people call the G-spot. As my fingers rub against it, I pull your clit inside my mouth, sucking hard on it, feeling its firmness inside my mouth, rubbing the tip with my tongue as I squeeze it between my lips, rubbing against your G-spot the whole time. My tongue dances on your clit like a furious ballet and soon you feel yourself rocked as you cum again, although not as hard as the first time.

My body moves upward and I pull you off of the sink, and turn you around, bending you over it like a little girl who needs a spanking. My cock enters you from behind and my hand reaches around your waist to massage your clit. I try to start slow, but we are both moaning and rocking against each other, so the momentum builds quickly, and soon I am thrusting deeply inside you, filling you oh so completely, thrusting faster and faster, the angle allowing the tip to hit your G-spot over and over again, and my hand is squeezing your clit tightly between thumb and forefinger, massaging you up and down, and you begin to feel another orgasm building, waves of pleasure washing over you, intensifying each time, building to that moment, and you realize that you may never have cum this hard before, and then it CUMS, and you are rocking against me, your head hitting the mirror but you don't care, and your whole body is shaking, and your pussy muscles are contracting tightly over and over again, and you feel me cumming inside you and you realize that we are both screaming.

I collapse onto you and we lay there for a moment, sweating, unable to move. Slowly we gather ourselves and you turn to kiss me, our lips tenderly echoing the passion that had gone before. We help each other to dress without a word, fearful that someone has heard us. We kiss again, passionately, then exit the bathroom one at a time. You return to your seat, pantiless, and moments later, I walk past you silently, sitting again in my own seat.

The train slows, then stops unexpectedly in the middle of a field. "Ladies and gentlemen, due to some trouble on the tracks ahead, we'll have to sit here for awhile. Sorry about the delay. Thank you for choosing Amtrak." The announcement makes you sigh, knowing that you still have a long trip even without the delay. You glance at me and I smile at you, nodding the tip of my head slightly toward the bathrooms, and one eyebrow raises questioning. You smile back at me and head for the bathroom again, knowing that even if it DOES take forever for us to get there, at least you'll be entertained.