 Mostly true story of chance meeting with an old friend. 

Even though we lived in a small community of less than 10,000 it had been at least 5 years since I last saw her. I first saw Suzy from a distance across the pits at a local dirt track on a Saturday night in September. I recognized that beautiful face and shapely body and could easily see she was still beautiful and even with 3 kids and about 38 years old was still in fantastic shape. I was there serving as crew chief for a friend who had a car. I had started helping him as therapy while going through my separation and divorce. Working on the car, hanging out at the shop and going to the races was a great way to help me focus on something other than the turmoil in my life and it reconnected me with a sport I had long loved since my childhood when I used to go with uncles who raced back home. I learned that she was there hanging out in the pits with friends of another driver who normally raced at another track. They were there because this was a regional race paying $20,000 to win. 

Years ago our families had gone to church together and we had attended parties at both our homes. Though we were never close friends our families had enjoyed each other's company on several occasions. A few years ago she and her husband Mick had divorced and she dropped out of church so our families lost contact. Mick was kind of shy and introverted whereas Suzy was more of a social butterfly. She was always friendly toward me and like most guys, I naturally felt like under difference circumstances she would have been glad to keep company with me. There was this one time while we were both married that she complimented me about some weight I had lost so naturally I thought she wanted to jump in the bed with me. I don't know why guys think that way but we do. I admit on more than one occasion I had taken an additional second or two to take in her beauty, well actually you might call it lusted after her fantastic body while fantasizing about her riding on top of me. She is about 5' 8" tall with long brunette hair and hazel eyes and I'd guess 36D's. You could say she was a MILF before anyone knew what a MILF was. 

As for me, I'm 5' 11" and about 190 lbs. with sandy brown hair, brown eyes and 46 years old. I was in pretty decent shape as I had used exercise to help me deal with the ups and downs of the last few years. I could not tell you for sure how long it had been since I last had sex but it had to be at least 5 years. That was partly by design as the separation with my wife was a long one and I had remained faithful throughout our separation. Fortunately temptation in the form of an available, willing woman had not really been a problem. It wasn't that I shied away from it, just that for whatever reason I never found myself in a situation where a hookup was possible. I know that's hard to believe but when you live in a small town and don't get out much, that's what happens. Though I was clearly available, and at least slightly above average looking, it didn't seem that any available women in my town were interested in me. Since the divorce was pretty public because of the long separation I suspected some gossip stories got passed around. So, let's just say my confidence wasn't the greatest. I learned years later that stories were circulating but they were completely fabricated. Such is life in a small town in the south.

So, on this night in September and enjoying some fantastic racing I had walked away from our pits to watch Shane (my driver) take hot laps when I saw Suzy at a distance of 50 yards or so. Instantly my heart raced as if I had been injected with a shot of adrenaline. I remembered the impact she used to have on me when we were at church socials and she would wear sundresses and sandals. Since it was a bit cool she was wearing jeans, boots, a white turtleneck and denim jacket. She filled them out nicely with perhaps 10 more lbs. than the last time I saw her but with all of it packed in the right places. Suddenly I was faced with a decision. Do I turn and walk away and try to douse the fantasies of yesteryear or do I go over and make small talk? I thought to myself she has to be here with someone, probably another driver. Before I could process that decision she noticed me and flashed a big smile and waved excitedly. I figured at that point I had to at least go over and say hi. I tried to calm myself as I walked toward her by reminding myself not to have too many expectations. After all, with 8 years difference between us and the likelihood that she was with another man, there really wasn't any reason for me to expect anything other than a friendly reunion with an old family friend. And, for that matter, did I even want anything more than a conversation with an old friend? The feeling in my heart and the stiffening in my groin told me the answer was definitely "Yes!"

As I approached her I couldn't decide how to break the ice so I finally just blurted out, "Hi Suzy, my, it has been a long time." 

She replied, "Yes, Jeff it sure has. You look great." 

I replied, "And you are as beautiful as ever. How have you been?" And with that we started talking and laughing as if we had been around one another every day for years. The chemistry was instantaneous as we caught up on what we had both been doing and what our children were doing. We marveled how we had not seen each other in years even though we only lived just a few miles apart.

We sat together and watched our drivers while they were on the track and she came down to our pits while I worked on the car between races. 

As the night wore on, I knew we were enjoying each other's company but I didn't know if there was even a chance we could hook up and possibly start dating. I learned she wasn't seeing anyone else though she had been in a steady relationship up until a few weeks prior to our chance meeting. The track we were is about 60 miles from my home and I had driven over to meet my driver at the track. The races ended about midnight and of course we had to load everything up for the drive home. 

Since it was getting late, and being the gentleman that I am, I asked her if she would like for me to follow her home to be sure she got there safely since she was driving alone. Suzy replied with a wink, "Well, actually I have a room at the Hampton in Columbia. Room 224". 

I'm sure with a flabbergasted look on my face, the only response I could come up with was, "Is that an invitation?" 

She laughed out loud at me, winked again and said "Are you going to turn me down?" 

I replied, "No way!"

The 15 minute drive to the hotel went by quickly and my head was spinning. I knew that after 5 years with no sex with anything other than my right hand I was about to make out with a woman I had lusted after many times. Performance anxiety set in and I began to prepare myself for a bit of embarrassment if I finished too quickly. But, no way was I going to walk away from this. 

We arrived at the hotel and made our way down the hall to her room. Just outside the door before she inserted the key card she looked up at me and for the first time we drew close and kissed. We both left our eyes open as if we didn't want to miss the moment. Our lips parted and still nervous I said, "Suzy, I'm not sure how this is going to go. It has been a long time for me. I might not be very good." 

She winked and asked me, "How long?" When I answered that it had been five years she said, "Well tonight you are going to make up for lost time and we've got all night to get it right." 

I said, "You know this may sound crazy to you but even years ago when our families were friends I was so attracted to you." 

She replied, "Yeah, it was plain for me to see and you know what, the feelings were mutual." 

We walked into the room and fell onto the bed kissing and groping each other like two teenagers. 

I knew I needed a shower after all the work on the car so I suggested I needed to clean up. She said she would help me. First my T-shirt came off with a bit of help from her and she snaked a hand across my chest and down my stomach with an approving smile. She then took over and unsnapped the button on my jeans and slid my jeans down to my ankles then pushed me back on the bed and proceeded to remove my shoes and then the jeans. I was left in a pair of red boxer briefs and an obvious hard-on poking out the above the waistband. 

With that she started undressing first with the denim jacket and scarf. Next she slid the knee-high boots off and started slithering out of the tight, faded jeans. The picture before me was simply gorgeous. She had on pink high-cut panties that were simply a small triangle of sheer lace in the front. There was no doubt she was completely shaved and there was a small butterfly tattooed just above and slightly to the left of her slit. Because of the angle at which I was sitting, I could look beyond her and see the rear view and let's just say it was every bit as good as the front view. 

There was a small tattoo of a sundial down low on her back. There was a small triangle of fabric in back and the thin strip of material disappeared in the cleft of her cheeks. Turning my gaze back to her front, I sat absolutely mesmerized as she reached down with crossed arms, grabbed the tail of the turtleneck and pulled it up over her head. Beneath the sweater she wore a pink camisole that was stretched tight over a pink bra that only barely contained her beautiful breasts. Next the camisole came off in like fashion and then finally the bra. Our eyes never lost contact but I could clearly see those luscious mounds of flesh. She took two steps toward me and asked me if I saw anything I liked. I just nodded my head and leaned out toward her breasts. My mouth was at a perfect level with her tits so I started flicking her nipple and then gently sucking it. Finally I tried to cram as much of her left tit into my mouth while caressing the right one with my hand. She cradled my head in her hands and looked down as I made a meal of first one and then the other of her gorgeous tits. 

Finally, knowing I really needed a shower I pulled back and asked her if she wanted to join me. She accepted and we grabbed some soap and washcloths on the way to the shower. 

Once in the hot cascade of water I began to soap up and of course I had a raging hard-on. She began to "clean" me by taking another cloth and working on my cock. She knew she was driving me insane so I told her if she didn't stop this was going to be over with before we even really got started. Well I might as well have told her to keep pumping because that is just what she did. Once she had me clean she kneeled down under the flow of water and took me in one smooth move into her mouth and all the way to my balls. Suzy made three trips the length of my shaft when I practically yelled, "Look out, I am going to . . . . . She obviously knew it and never flinched as my cum began to surge from my cock. I felt at least 6 spasms of my ejaculatory muscles and she worked her mouth and hand in rhythm with them to completely drain every last drop from my cock. The orgasm was so intense my legs got weak so I fell back against the shower wall and lavished in the feeling and the moment. 

Suzy started working her way up by kissing my stomach and chest, neck, face, and finally my lips. I'm convinced up until that time it was the most erotic event of my life. We finished the shower and began toweling off while laughing and admiring ourselves in the steamy mirror of the bathroom. 

Even at my age I was quickly recovering as my cock began to stiffen again. Suzy looked down at it and said, "Now that's what I'm talking about. I knew you had it in you." 

Feeling confident I quickly swooped her up and then gently laid her on the bed. I lay down beside her and kissed those luscious lips for a minute and then began working my way down to those gorgeous tits that I had dreamed about many times. I began sucking one then the other and working my hand down her stomach to the silky smooth folds of her pussy. I gently parted them with my right hand and could instantly feel the wetness and heat emanating from her beautiful slit. I kissed my way down her stomach and then began to nuzzle her slit with my nose, inhaling deeply the erotic aroma. I positioned myself between her legs and gently spread her lips. She was literally dripping wet so I began lapping up her juices with my tongue. I flicked my tongue across her clit and heard her moan in a way that only an extremely horny woman can. Then I plunged my tongue into her pussy and buried my face just as far as I could. She grabbed the back of my head, pulled me in deeper and screamed "Yeeeessss, Yeeeessss, just like that, eat me just like that. Fuck me just like that with that tongue!" 

It was easy for me at that point to know what to do so I just kept smothering myself in her pussy while looking up at her squeezing her tits with one hand and clutching the mattress and sheets with the other. Finally, she began to yell that she was coming and I could actually feel the waves as her muscles contracted. Between contractions I inserted first one then two fingers and she raised her legs off the bed, into the air and spread them as wide as she could.

Another wave of contractions followed as she pulled her knees to her chest screamed my name. 

I rose up onto my knees and literally had to wipe her juices off my face while she lay there slowly regaining her composure. 

Suzy said "If you can eat pussy like that, why did Kay ever let you get away?" 

I kind of shrugged and told her that among other things Kay didn't really have much appreciation for my oral skills. 

Suzy said, "Well she's crazy, her loss, and my gain. Now let's see if you are as good with that cock as you are with that tongue. I want you to come here and fuck me the way I always wanted you to."

Of course I was hard and at my maximum length of just over 7-1/2" and with one orgasm behind me I was confident that I was about to satisfy this gorgeous woman even though it had been over 5 years since I entered a woman and over 25 since I had sex with anyone other than my ex-wife. Suzy lay cross ways on the bed with her ass near the edge. I stood at the edge of the bed and placed the tip of my cock at the entrance of her beautiful slit. Her lips were still red and engorged from the excitement of the work of my mouth and tongue. I slowly started pushing my way in maybe an inch or so at a time. With each stroke more and more of my cock was coated with her juices and slid in easier than the stroke before. Finally my cock sank to the hilt and I was entirely inside her with my balls pressed against her ass. I gently pushed further and harder causing Suzy to moan softly, look up at me and say, "You feel every bit as good inside me as I thought you would. I used to fantasize about making love with you while we were both still married. We can make love later but right now I want you to satisfy your cock with my pussy." 

With that, I began slowly stroking in and out of her while watching my cock disappear and then reappear. With each stroke she began to moan a bit louder and then talking and encouraging me to stroke longer and deeper. As my cock slammed in her she began looking into my eyes and almost growling as she mouthed the words "Fuck me Jeff with that wonderful fucking hard cock. Fuck my pussy, split my pussy wide open with that big cock of yours." She wrapped her legs around my waist and started pulling me into her harder and faster. Quickly an orgasm started erupting inside her as she clenched my cock with her muscles. I grabbed her legs and then held them up in front of me placing one over each of my shoulders and then pressing forward until her knees were pressed into her chest. Looking down into her face I could see her eyes were half closed and she was biting her lower lip as my cock continued to stroke in and out. The juices from her last orgasm had made my cock so slick there was no friction, just the wonderful sensation of withdrawing and then burying my cock to the hilt again and again and again. 

I sensed that she was getting close to the ragged edge again so I picked up my pace again just when I thought she was ready to climax, I sank to the base and held it there. She shrieked and then I felt her vaginal muscles grip the entire length of my cock. "Oh my, that is so fucking wonderful" she almost screamed. The sensation began to overwhelm me as my cock began to pulse. I knew that I wasn't far from losing control so I quickly started stroking in and out again. Then with a force greater than anything I had ever felt I began to orgasm deep within her. With each convulsion I withdrew and then sank my cock again all the way to the base. I collapsed on top of her, gasping for breath, the energy almost completely gone from my body. 

I rolled over onto my back next to her, trying to catch my breath and recover from the exertion. As I lay there Suzy placed her head on my stomach and then gently took my cock into her mouth, licking our juices off. She then slid up my body and kissed me while looking into my eyes. I tasted the mixture of our juices on her tongue and I knew that never in my life had I experienced anything like the sex we just had. 

Suzy moved her mouth close to my ear and said, "Jeff that was so fucking incredible and I want more. Let's get some sleep now and when we wake up I want us to 69 each other and then I want to give you my ass. Will you fuck my ass with that wonderful cock?" 

I replied, "Yes, I will!" What else was I going to say?

I awoke around 7 that morning to the smell of coffee brewing and the sound of water running in the bath. I staggered into the bathroom to find Suzy soaking in a tub full of bubbles while sipping a cup of coffee.

"Good morning!" I said. 

"More like great night" she said. I laughed and said, "Yeah, I guess you are right". I can't believe after all these years we just meet out of the blue and then end up having amazing sex like we had done it hundreds of times before". 

"Well, like I said, more than once I fantasized about making love with you back when we were both married so even though it was the first time we had physical sex, we've had mental sex countless times. 

Somehow, that made sense; both of us had fantasized about the other so much it was like we were old lovers on our first night together. 

While this conversation was going on, the urge to pee was building inside of me. Trying to be modest I wasn't sure what to do so I told her I needed to pee so she should turn her head. Suzy said she thought it would be erotic to watch me take a piss. So, with some hesitation I began trying to pee. At first I couldn't get much of a flow going but finally I began to pee in front of this gorgeous woman. She watched intently as the almost clear stream of liquid drained from my increasingly stiff cock. Finally I finished and with the approval of my audience, I eased into the tub with her and soaked in the luxurious feeling. 

It was a whirlpool bath so she turned the jets of water on. The bubbles and the heat from the water began relaxing my muscles and loosening my joints. Her hands quickly found my cock under the water and began stroking me to a full erection. She then asked me if I remembered the last thing we said before going to sleep. Quickly I thought back and remembered what she had told me. I said, "Yes I do remember but I want to hear you say it again because the way you said it sounded so hot". 

With that, she then moved her mouth to my ear and whispered "Jeff, I so much want to 69 with you and then I want to give you my ass. Will you please fuck my ass with that wonderful cock? Tell me that you want to fuck my asshole". 

I replied, "Suzy, I so want to fuck your ass with my hard cock but before I do I want to eat your pussy for breakfast and then lick your asshole." 
