 Crossing Paths Part 2A: 
It gets better

The night I spent with Suzy at the Hampton was the perfect way to end a 5 plus year period of celibacy. Great sex with an old friend does something for a man's ego. For the next few days I was not only sore from over-using certain muscle groups but also a bit more optimistic about my future romantic possibilities. The smile on my face must have somehow affected women because all of a sudden I began to get some second looks from women in stores and restaurants around town. Why is it that women never give you a second look until you are with another woman? 

It was almost as if Suzy had talked or maybe someone in the room next to us may have known us and blabbed. I knew that the rooms had to be empty because if someone had been in those rooms they would have called the cops and we would have been arrested for disturbing the peace. If you are wondering what I'm talking about then the reader may wish to read "Crossing Paths".

Suzy and I went out a few times after our rendezvous at the race track but most of the time I ended up over at her place after work where we shared supper (remember, we are in the South) and of course more great sex. You can't make up for 5 years without sex but at least you can try and it sure helps to have a partner with a great appetite for sex. And if you read the first part then you know Suzy has a huge appetite. In just a few days we had christened her pool, the pool house, the hot tub, the kitchen, the master bath, the basement and a nice secluded spot beside the lake on my hunting lease. 

We were the talk of the town whenever we went out as some suspected we had been involved long ago while we were still married to our spouses. It didn't really matter to me. At least the "he's gay" rumors subsided. 

Occasionally I have to work Saturdays so as usual this particular Saturday we kept in touch that morning by texting. The plan was for me to stop by the meat market after work and pick up a couple of steaks for us to grill that evening. One of her texts told me to get three instead of two as we would not be alone or have the house to ourselves tonight. I replied that I would without question but knowing that sex wasn't going to happen as I guessed that one of her kids must not have gone to their dads. For I guess good reason, she became more modest and reserved when the kids were around. 

I arrived at her house and she met me at the door wearing a pair of white boy-shorts which is probably about my favorite wardrobe choice for any woman with a great body. And she could rock them with the material barely covering the cheeks of her ass. Along with the shorts, she had on white sandals which contrasted well with her tanned skin and a pink tube top with no bra. Despite her age and bearing three kids, her tits have very little sag so the sight before my eyes was having a great impact on me as I watched her padding around in the kitchen. I guess the blood draining from my head to my cock short-circuited my thinking because I thought she was torturing me as she liked to do from time to time. Knowing that we weren't going to be alone and seeing her wearing that outfit was making me smile but at the same time I knew it was going to be a long night if she was going to wear that and then not want to fool around. 

"Wow, you look smoking hot girl! I thought you said one of the kids would be here tonight" I asked with I'm sure a pained look on my face.

"No, I didn't. I said we wouldn't be alone".

"So, who's going to be here, your mom?"

"Yeah, Jeff I am going to wear this around you while my mom is here and have her spying that big tent pole you already have. Not! I asked Jen this morning if she wanted to come over since she and Brad have now split. She has been having a tough time of it since Brad left and I thought one of your awesome steaks, some wine and some fresh air by the pool would help calm her down."

I didn't know Jen but Suzy had mentioned her in passing a couple of times. They had met at the gym where Suzy worked out after work some evenings and Saturdays. She told me that Jen had been working on getting herself back in shape after letting herself go for several years and that she was helping her. I didn't ask too many questions since so new into our relationship I didn't want Suzy thinking I was wondering about other women, least of all an over-weight separated married friend of hers. 

"Ok, what time will she be here?"

"About 30 minutes."

"Ok, I guess I better get cleaned up."

"You want some help with that thing" Suzy said as she almost busted out laughing while pointing down at the boner that was clearly obvious under my jeans."

"Well I was going to take care of it myself in the shower but yeah you can help."

"Ok, get your shower and I'll be there in a few minutes".

Suzy came into the master bath which was all steamed up from the hot water of my shower. The shower has clear glass doors so there is no privacy other than that which comes from the steam that collects on the glass. She gave a whistle and said, "Now there's a show any woman could love." 

Knowing I now had an audience, I turned toward her and wiped the condensate off the door so she could see me clearly. My cock had softened some but after giving it a couple of strokes it was back at attention and staring back at her through the glass door. I could see her pull the tube top down as she closed the lid on the toilet and sat down to watch. She began to rub her tits with both hands which gave me even more inspiration than I already had. 

"That's it Jeff, show me that big cock and stroke it for me. That cock is so hot it turns me on every time I think about it." She then stood up and pulled her shorts down and off of one leg. She then dropped her right hand down to start fingering herself and playing with her clit. Her hand worked furiously as she began to lose the rhythm of her breathing. At the same time I knew I wasn't going to last much longer from the faster stroking I was doing though I had hoped for at least a blow job. Almost with perfect timing, we both began to shudder and climax. I think both of us hollered "Oh, fuck!" at the same time. My cum shot out in about 5 squirts onto the glass door of the shower and began to run down it. I watched her shudder three or four times as the climatic waves ran through her body. I leaned back in the shower and continued to stroke until my cock began to soften. 

Each of us had grins on our faces because of the hot but different erotic moment we had created. Though there was no physical contact, we had just had another awesome time of sex together. 

We heard the doorbell ring out in the hallway so we figured Jen was there though a bit early. Suzy jumped up from the toilet and got her clothes back in order and said, "Thanks for the show mister. I'll want a repeat of that sometime." 

She then walked to answer the door and I finished up my shower. 

Part 2B to come.......