 My wife Sharon's 28th birthday was fast approaching, and for some reason I was having difficulty deciding what to get her this year. We had just moved into a new house so money was a little tight, thus I couldn't be too extravagant with my gift selection. Since I was stumped I decided to ask her best friend, and former college roommate, Heather for a few ideas. 

Heather's first idea was to take Sharon up to the mountains for a nice quiet weekend and some hiking. This turned out to be a great idea for a few reasons. First off, Heather and her husband Bill owned a cabin in the mountains that they were going to let us use free of charge. Second, Sharon and I loved to hike and were looking for a chance to get away. I told Heather that I would take her up on the cabin offer and I would pick the key up when I got a chance.

As Sharon's birthday approached I realized I had not gone to get the cabin key from Heather or Bill. I had called and left a message on their answering machine about a week before Sharon's birthday and was getting worried the day before when I had not heard from either of them. Finally, that day Heather gave me a call at work and told me to stop by after 7pm because Bill would be home by then and he had the key with him at work. This worked perfectly because Sharon had a meeting at work that evening and wouldn't be home until late.

I left work a little early so I could get to the gym before stopping to get the key and then heading home. I typically work out 3-4 times a week to keep my 6' 195 pound body in shape. I knew that if we were leaving the net day for a long weekend, this would be my last day to work out until next week. It also gave me a chance to get out some stress from a long week of meetings and proposals.

When I finished with my workout I went over to Heather and Bill's house hoping to get the key and head straight home. Unfortunately when I arrived Bill was not home yet. Heather invited me in and told me that she would call Bill to see how far away he was. When she returned she gave me some even worse news. Bill was still at work. This meant that he wouldn't be home until at least 8:30, and probably closer to 9 since his office was over an hour away without traffic. 

When Heather told me this, I contemplated heading home and trying to get the key later, but Heather convinced me to stay for a while. She had already begun cooking dinner and invited me to stay since I was there already and she knew that Sharon wouldn't be home for a few hours.

Once Heather convinced me to stay, she excused herself so she could go change clothes out of what she wore to work that day. As a school teacher she typically doesn't need to dress up, but today she was in a suit because of a meeting she had with a parent. 

When she returned I was pleasantly surprised by what she was wearing. Heather had changed into a pair of short and tight jean shorts, and a tight button down white top. At 5'10 the shorts were showing off her beautiful long legs, and the tight top accentuated her 34C breasts. Before she changed, she had her long blonde hair up in a ponytail, but now she had taken it down and let it hang freely. A bunch of us had told her in the past she could be a model, but she never believed us.

Heather immediately walked into the kitchen to check on dinner. It was about 7:20 and she said the food would be ready in about 40 minutes. While the dinner was cooking, Heather took a few minutes to show me around the house and show me all the changes they had made since the last time I had been over. 

As she showed me around the house, I couldn't help taking a few long looks at her tight ass in those jean shorts. At one point I think she even caught me trying to take a look down her blouse, but I wasn't sure. I had seen Heather in a bikini plenty of times, so seeing her in revealing clothes was nothing new. However, this time I was starting to get a bulge in my pants and I was sure she noticed that. She didn't say anything, but she did get this sly little grin on her face just before we completed the tour. She already knew that I thought she was gorgeous and had fantasies about her because it slipped out one night when I was drunk.

After the brief tour of the house we headed back into the kitchen. When we got there Heather took out a bottle of wine and said that it was purchased just for this dinner. As she was trying to open the bottle, I noticed that she was having troubles with the bottle opener so I offered to help. When I approached she didn't move out of the way, instead she made me stand behind her and try to help. As I attempted to help, she slowly backed her ass into my crotch and began to rub it against my hardened cock. At this time she knew for sure that I was hard and that she was turning me on. After about 30 seconds of this we finally got the bottle opened. Instead of backing away though I stood there and allowed her to continue to grind up against my stiff cock.


As I stood behind Heather, I allowed her to pour us each a glass of wine. While she was pouring the wine, I slowly slid my hands under her tits and cupped them in my hands. While I had imagined going this, I never thought in my wildest dreams that I would really do it. As I grabbed her breasts and squeezed I could hear her start to breath a little faster. I slowly slid one of my hands over to the buttons on her blouse and started to unbutton the blouse. Heather whispered "thank you for doing that, it is getting hot in this kitchen." I gladly unbuttoned her blouse all the way and removed it from her hot body. 

As I removed her blouse she reached back and unbuckled the belt to my pants, unbuttoned the button and unzipped the zipper. I also took the time to unclasp her bra and let her gorgeous breasts out. I immediately spun her around and began to kiss and lick her tits. With each nibble on her nipples she let out a soft moan that was getting me hotter and hotter. At one point I told her that we shouldn't be doing this, but her only response was "turn off the oven so we don't burn down the house." 

As I turned off the oven, Heather removed my pants and knelt down so she could take my 8-inch cock into her mouth. As much as I loved my wife's mouth around my cock, I couldn't help but think how much better Heather's felt. 

Her head continued to bob up and down, taking my manhood as far into her mouth as possible. From time to time she would swirl her tongue around on the tip of my penis practically making me cum each time. 

"Tell me how much you like this," Heather said.

"You are the best, I can't believe we are doing this," I told her.

"I think we have sufficiently crossed the line at this point, so you might as well fuck me," she replied.

Without any more words, I helped her stand up and removed her shorts. As much as I wanted to just fuck her there, she didn't want to in the kitchen. Instead she led me to the dining room. She shoved me down on top of the dining room table and immediately climbed on top of me. 

Before I had a chance to do anything she slid my cock into her hot and wet pussy. I let out a loud "OH GOD," as I was sliding into her for the first time. That sensation almost drove me over the edge immediately but I controlled myself.

"I want to savor this," I told Heather.

"Oh hush and just fuck me good," Heather replied.

As we moved in rhythm I allowed my hands to roam all over her body. One hand was slowly caressing her ass, while another was exploring her tits. Each time I pinched her small perky nipples, she let out some moans.

After a few minutes, I rolled her over and started pumping my dick inside her faster and faster. As I pumped inside her we could hear the sound of balls slapping on her ass. These sounds along with me squeezing her breasts were driving Heather nuts. 

"I'm about to cum," Heather screamed.

As Heather reached orgasm I could feel her muscles contracting. This sensation drove me to the brink and I spit my load inside her. She reached back and guided my hand down her leg, and I could feel our juices start to seep out down her leg. 

As I finished my orgasm I slowly removed my cock from her pussy and started rubbing her clit with my hand, as I wasn't ready for this to end. Heather slowly rolled over onto her back and pulled me down next to her. I continued fingering her clit as we kissed.

"I don't want this to end," I told her.

"Unfortunately we are going to have to get cleaned up so we don't get caught," Heather replied.

Heather reached over and grabbed my cock which was starting to get hard again. She told me that there wasn't enough time for round two, but I could get a rain check. Of course I agreed.

I still stayed for dinner and got the key from Bill before I left. As I left, Heather walked me out to my car, gave me a quick flash of her beautiful tits a nice big kiss, and of course the key to the cabin.