 I don't know what made me go on the online dating site. Curiosity, maybe. I think I just wanted to see if anyone would still find me attractive and what my options would be if I finally made the decision to leave my husband. Things had become unbearable. He was drunk most nights, fully back into his addiction. I had promised I would never live this life again, and yet here I was. When men started messaging me, I got nervous. What did I say to them? I didn't want to lead anyone on. I was "just looking." 

Then one guy's status caught my eye. It said, "I'm not the kind of guy you take home to your family." And he had a photo of Racer X from "Speed Racer" as his second profile pic. That made me laugh, so I had to message that he had a cheesy pickup line, but I had always liked Racer X. He said that I was the first girl to know who that was, and then proceeded to tell me that he really wasn't the guy you take home. "You should flee," he said. Hmm. Saying that only made me want to stay. This one was intriguing.

We went on to flirt for a couple weeks, him saying all the right things: that I looked like a nice girl but he could tell I was tempted and that that was okay. Other guys who tried to chat were either boring or too demanding, wanting naked pictures and making rude comments. This guy really knew how to walk that fine line between sexy and creepy. He told me I was beautiful and I deserved to be happy. He would take his time with me until I was ready for him. 

I was walking around in a constant state of arousal. This was fun. I started checking my account in the middle of the night, and as soon as my husband left for work, I would chat with him and touch myself. One morning, he asked me to call him, and we told each other our deepest fantasies while we made ourselves cum. I loved hearing his voice when he climaxed, knowing that I had turned him on. 

He said he wanted to make my fantasies come true. This was so bad, but it was so exciting! And it was only make-believe; right? I told him that it would probably never happen for real, and I understood if he didn't want to waste his time just chatting with me, but I wasn't ready. He said that the naughty talk was fun for him too and that he wouldn't rush me. 

I got home one night after working a 12-hour day and found my husband passed out, drunk, again. I wanted to call my new friend, now that I knew his number, but I didn't want to be indiscreet, so I texted him that I wanted to call him but didn't want to get him in trouble. I said, "... but I'm tempted." Texting was risky too. I'd have to remember to lock my phone. I had only one short appointment the next morning and then I would be free for the rest of the day. My mind was spinning with ideas. Maybe we'd have phone sex in my office. I was going to be in an empty satellite office. I could do whatever I wanted there.

I got in the bathtub and received a text saying, "I'm sorry I missed you. Tempted to do what?" 

I texted back, "To call you." 

He sent a disappointed "Oh. I thought you were tempted to do something else." 

Then I wrote back, "What would you most like to do with my afternoon off tomorrow?" 

He instantly replied, "Get a hotel room and have sex." 

I hesitated for a moment and then wrote, "Let's do it." 

He couldn't believe I really meant it, but I did. I was shaking so badly, but I was also very, very excited. Could I go through with it? In over two decades of marriage, I'd never cheated on my husband, but I wanted out, and this was definitely a way to force myself to disconnect from him. Plus, we hadn't had sex in over four years. With medical issues and alcoholism, my husband wasn't able to fuck me. And I really, really wanted -- needed - to be fucked. 

The next morning, I was trembling as I groomed and trimmed my pussy for the adventure that was to come. I couldn't shave it -- it would be too obvious -- but I made it look pretty. Then I put on some lacey black panties and a black bra. I didn't wear any stockings but put on my favorite dress and some black boots. It was all I could do to get through my meeting. I was shaking and felt a little sick to my stomach, but I was also already very wet, just thinking about what was to come. 

When I arrived at the hotel, I took a seat at the bar and ordered a drink. I rarely drank, but my heart was beating so fast, I really felt like I needed to calm myself down. I could tell when he entered the room. I could just feel someone looking at me. He came up behind me and kissed me on the cheek. I rose to my feet and gave him a hug. It was so weird to be meeting him in person. He smelled so good, and his body was a lot more muscular than I expected. I knew he had to stay in shape for his job with the Army, but wow! And his arms and chest weren't the only parts of him that were hard. That made me smile. I felt very sexy for the first time in a long time. 

We sat at a little curved booth and talked for a little while. He said, "Did you tell anyone where you were going today?" 

I said, "Of course not." 

Then he told me I had nothing to fear from him, but for my own safety, I really should have told a friend where I was going. That made me feel a little nervous but reassured all at the same time. He said if I didn't like him or had changed my mind, I could leave and he'd understand. 

I touched his arm with my hand, looked him in the eyes and smiled at him. I wasn't going anywhere. He leaned over and kissed me. Softly at first, then running his tongue along my lower lip and just inside my mouth. His hand rested on my knee and then pushed my dress up just an inch or so as he deepened the kiss. I think I moaned a little, heard myself say, "Let's go," and rose to my feet.

The moment the elevator doors shut, we were making out like teenagers. We couldn't get enough. The ride was too short but also too long. He opened the door to the room and I threw my coat and purse on the dresser. He backed me up against the wall and continued exploring my mouth with his tongue. He held my hands above my head with one of his hands and used the other to slide down my body, just brushing the sides of my breasts, around my waist, and then cupping my ass. He pulled me in towards him and I could feel his erection. It felt huge. I could barely breathe and my mouth was dry. I literally was hot all over. He ravaged my mouth with his tongue, causing me to arch my back and push myself closer to him. I was no longer nervous. I was incredibly wet and ready and I had to get my hands on him. 

I pulled my hands loose and put my arms behind his neck so I could kiss him more deeply. Then I explored his upper body with my hands and unbuttoned his shirt. His arms were so strong. I kissed his chest and biceps and then playfully ran my tongue over his nipple. Now he was groaning. He said, "I've been fantasizing about this since the moment we first met. I need to be inside you." He unzipped my dress as he kissed my neck and I stepped out of it. I unzipped his pants and they fell to the floor as well. 

He backed me over to the bed and I sat on the edge while he kneeled in front of me and took my bra and boots off. Then he leaned me back and licked and sucked on each of my nipples, lightly nipping with his teeth. God, that felt so good. I was learning things about my own body that I never knew. He then slowly kissed his way down my body, past my belly button to the lacey top of my panties. I was panting with need. I couldn't stand it! He said, "You are so beautiful, so soft. You deserve to be loved."

He eased my already soaked panties down and parted my lips with his fingers, but he didn't touch me anywhere else yet. It looked like he was just admiring the view. Then he rubbed both thumbs up from the bottom of my slick wet opening up to the top of my labia, but he didn't touch my clit. And it really wanted to be touched. He said, "You have the most perfect pussy. It looks like a ripe juicy peach, just waiting to be tasted." 

He bent his head and licked my clit so softly, his tongue barely moved, but to me, it was like a jolt of electricity shot through me. I started to grind and tried to pull him closer to me, but he wouldn't give me what I wanted. He licked and kissed my thighs and all around my slit, only kissing my clit when I couldn't stand it anymore. "Please," I begged. 

"Please what?" he answered.

"Please don't stop."

His warm lips enveloped me and his tongue flicked across my most sensitive spot, making it erect. I was so wet; I wanted to cum, but I wanted him inside me more. I tried to sit up, but he gently pushed me back down and said, "Relax. We're in no hurry. I want to make you cum and then lick up all of your sweet juices. You taste so good."

He proceeded to tease me with his tongue, burying his whole face in my cunt, his nose, his chin, rubbing every part of my outer sex. Then he began to circle the opening of my slit with his fingers again, rubbing right around and just barely inside. Oh, yeah - right there. He then pushed his two fingers a little more inside me and said, "God, you are tight. I don't want you like a virgin. I want to be able to fuck you hard without hurting you."

I said, "Don't worry about me. I want you inside me. Please!"

"Not yet," he said. "I want you ready." 

As he sucked on my clit, his tongue swirling around and up and down, he pushed deeper into me with each stroke of his fingers. I felt the delicious first tingle of orgasm spread through me, going from my toes to my head and back again. I whimpered and thrust my hips to meet his strokes. I cried out as the waves of my orgasm crashed over me, making me shudder and making my vagina pulse around his still stroking fingers. 

I lay there, trying to catch my breath, as he lovingly kissed my thighs, then my stomach, working his way back up to my mouth. As he kissed me deeply, I could taste my pussy juices on his tongue. To taste the salty sweetness was a little strange but terribly arousing. I hugged him hard to me, so grateful for the gift he had given me. He had made me feel desirable again.

Then it was my turn. I leaned up and grabbed him around the waist and pushed his boxers down. I wanted to see this large cock that I had felt through his pants. Because he was still kneeling at the end of the bed, it was at eye level, so I had a good vantage point. It really was magnificent. It was so hard, but yet the skin was as soft as velvet. I couldn't wait to taste him. 

With my tongue, I licked the pre-cum from the tip. Then I swirled my tongue all around like I was licking an ice cream cone. I licked up from the base to the tip, then moved my tongue back and forth along the underside of the sensitive head. I surrounded his head with my warm mouth and started to move him in and out by grabbing his hips. He started breathing heavy and moaning and running his fingers through my hair. I was so happy that I could make him feel good and I loved the way he smelled and tasted - all male. Making him moan like that made me feel powerful, and I was getting hotter by the minute. I totally lost myself in sliding him in and out, making him fuck my mouth. He interrupted me by putting his hand on my shoulder and saying, "I want to cum while I'm inside you." 

He grabbed a condom out of his pants pocket and quickly put it on. We somehow ended up at the top of the bed, with him lying half next to me and half on top of me. I knew he wanted to fuck me immediately, but he ran his hand up and down my naked body and kissed me thoroughly. He said, "Are you sure?" 

I pulled him the rest of the way on top of me and put my legs around him. That was all the invitation he needed. He slid the tip of his penis up and down along my slippery wet cunt, teasing my clit with it and then returning to my tight opening. He took my face in his hands and said, "Open your eyes." I did, and he entered me slowly. Oh, God! It was like someone had plugged my nervous system into an electrical socket. Every nerve ending in my body was alive and I was feeling things I hadn't felt in a long, long time. 

He carefully stroked my insides with his beautiful cock, but I knew he was holding back. He said, "I know I'm big, and I don't want to hurt you." I had to promise that I'd tell him if I wanted him to stop or slow down. Then I grabbed his ass and pulled him into me. "Holy Mother of God," he said at the same time that I let out an expletive of my own. I don't even know what I said. His voice husky, he whispered in my ear, "God, you are so sweet. You feel so fucking good. You deserve to be happy." That was something I really needed to hear. 

Then he once again used his thumbs to spread my labia lips apart and ground into me with each thrust. I've never been able to have an orgasm only from intercourse, but this was really working for me. Being held open like that, every thrust brought his pubic area directly in contact with my wet clit, making me quiver and pant. He really knew what he was doing. 

He wouldn't let me close my eyes, and as we kissed deeply and stared into each other's eyes, I could feel the tension building in my muscles. My breath was coming fast and so was his. I never wanted this feeling to stop, as he thrust into me repeatedly, his cock caressing every hidden part of me. I whispered, "I'm going to cum," just as I had on the phone a couple days before, and as before, this triggered him to lose himself. He groaned and said a lot of wonderfully sexy things in my ear. As I climaxed, my pussy muscles squeezed him like a vise, and he lost himself in me. It seemed like there was wave after wave of aftershocks for both of us as we lay panting and gasping for air. 

Eventually, he rolled partially off of me and we just lay for what seemed like a long time, not talking. Then he kissed my neck, my shoulder, my lips, and told me how sweet and pretty I was. What girl doesn't want to hear that all day long? But he also knew that I was feeling guilty, and I think he was trying to keep me from losing it. We talked a little and, eventually, we dozed a bit with him spooning me from behind. 

I awoke later to feel something hard pressing against my ass and, laughing, I said, "You better put a condom on that thing if you want to put it anywhere in or around me." He laughed too and got up and got one. I knew I was not his only "friend." I had to be careful. 

When he came back, he resumed his position, and while nibbling on my ear and caressing my whole body, he slid his sweet prick into me from behind. Then he reached around and rubbed my clit like I had wanted him to do from the first. It did not take long for me to cum, but this time, my climax did not trigger his. He kept stroking me, both inside and out, over and over, until I was about to come again. 

Then he flipped me flat onto my stomach and covered both of my hands with his, our arms bent at the elbows. He drove himself into me, rotating his hips with each thrust, his feet pushing against the mattress in an alternating rhythm, reaching every bit of my inner self. It was almost too much. I started to feel a little panicky. I couldn't catch my breath, could barely see, and I didn't know if I could handle any more sensations. The tide that had been rising inside me finally broke through to the surface, and when I came, it was with a primal guttural noise. This time, he let go and came with me, adding his own animalistic sounds to mine. He had used up every ounce of my energy, leaving me a hot, spent, soaked mess. And I loved it.

Sometime later, we decided it would be a good idea to shower before we left to go home. Since the idea was to get clean and stay that way, I went in by myself. After a couple minutes, though, he opened the shower curtain and stepped in. "I couldn't resist," he said sheepishly. 

We kissed slowly as we rubbed our soapy hands up and down each other's back. I felt very close to him. He lovingly soaped my breasts and then moved to my vagina and cleaned it very thoroughly. I then returned the favor and soaped up his balls and penis. I couldn't believe it. He was getting hard again. 

"You're a beast," I said. 

We moved back to the bed, and this time, I straddled myself on top of him, slowly lowering myself onto his now fully erect cock. He really was huge, and in this position, it was almost too much for me to take. I carefully raised and lowered myself until I could take him all in. Then I leaned forward and rocked my hips back and forth while kissing him. He pulled me closer and sucked on my nipples while I rode him. As he did this, he spread me apart again, this time from behind, and, using my own juices for lubrication, lightly fingered my asshole. This made me squirm and grind my pelvis harder into his. Oh, my God! I was going to cum again. It was almost embarrassing how easily he could make me cum.

As soon as my pussy stopped spasming, he flipped me onto my back, put my legs up over his shoulders, and fucked me deep. It was like he couldn't go deep enough. It hurt a little, but I was not about to tell him to stop. And then there was no pain anymore, only pleasure. When he came, he was louder this time, groaning and grunting and saying things like, "You have the sweetest pussy. I love to make you cum. If you were mine, I'd fuck you every day." I didn't know if he said this to everyone, but at that moment, it didn't matter. I felt beautiful and desirable and sexy as hell. 

Later, after we'd showered again, separately this time, we left the room holding hands, and he walked me to my car. He kissed me tenderly goodbye, and we promised we'd get together regularly. He said he couldn't get enough. As we drove home to our respective families, I relived every minute of my illicit tryst and wondered how I would be able to go home and act like my life hadn't just been irrevocably changed.