 Comments are ALWAYS welcomed! 

*

Kimberly Hoffman's stomach turned over and over in her advanced economics class as she listened to her professor rattle on about the debt ceiling, fiscal responsibility, and Reaganomics. Kimberly was a smart girl and knew that it was important to take in all of these theories and history, as these were important things to know being a poly-science major with a minor in business who planned on getting her PhD at the same school. But right now Kimberly was underwater in her studies and falling dangerously behind in this class more so than the others, her current grades were a threat to the scholarship she had earned as an undergraduate at the state school she put herself through by taking out student loans. If she didn't get her grades up by the end of the quarter, which she couldn't unless she aced the final (which was unlikely), Kimberly's scholarship would be dropped and she would be forced to go on academic probation and then pay for the rest of her graduate degree out of pocket. None of it appealed to Kimberly who tried desperately to reason with her professor: Dr. Garret Tanner, a handsome man in his mid-forties and widower who would only offer Kimberly a couple of extra-credit assignments that would in no way improve her odds of being able to pass the class and thus maintain her GPA. And so there she sat, trying to figure out what else she could do when one extraordinarily offensive idea kept creeping its way back into Kimberly's mind: quid pro quo. Kimberly was not the kind of woman who would go to bed for a grade, but perhaps she would not have to cross that line, she thought, wondering if her oral skills might suffice in this situation.

Kimberly had always been described as "hauntingly beautiful", a 24 year-old woman with long, red locks and porcelain white skin and crystal blue eyes. She was classically beautiful and could have been a model, as she had been told by her ex-boyfriends, who all cherished and worshiped her nudity. Her breasts especially were always a distraction to men, Kimberly always having a difficult time hiding her double-D bust line when trying to dress professionally. Her breasts served her well when she wanted them to, and if she was truly going to go through with this, she wanted all the help she could get. But she hadn't actually made up her mind when she dressed, nor had she still committed to the notion, it being more of a pesky idea that kept bothering her every time she hit a mental roadblock. Still, when did dress, she had decided to wear her favorite low-cut top that displayed her impressive cleavage just in case she had to rely on this distracting last resort she kept fantasizing about. Her feminine wiles was Kimberly's last card to play before giving up her dignity to a man she might one day call a colleague. And once she crossed that line, there would be no coming back from it. Her professor would never recommend her for advanced placement options or jobs after writing her off as just another disposable pleasure and nameless fuck, an unspoken sexual perk of tenure.

As this internal war raged in Kimberly's head, class ended and she found herself waiting for the last students interested in speaking to her professor to leave them alone, hoping desperately that she might make up her mind before he called on her. When Dr. Tanner's eyes finally did meet hers, he smiled and made her melt. She always thought he secretly desired her, someone having once told her that his late wife was a redhead also. Kimberly knew men who tended to like redheaded women had a particularly refined taste that only gingers appealed to, and hoped she would be no exception in trying to play to her professor's secret desire.

"Ah, Ms. Hoffman, what can I do for you?" Tanner said, organizing a pile of papers in need of grading on his desk and slipping them inside his briefcase while trying to keep his eyes off his young student's exposed neckline.

"Well, I was just wondering if I could talk to you about my grade again," Kimberly began nervously, wondering if she would actually go through with her backwards idea or just walk away like she knew she should, some of her darker and weaker desires currently getting the best of her.

"I'm afraid there's nothing left I can do, Ms. Hoffman. As long as you ace the final, which I'm confident you will if you study hard... you will be fine."

"I'm afraid I just am not that confident, Dr. Tanner, as I have many other finals that will eat up necessary time I will need to study for this final in order to pass it. But I know you can't do anything else for me officially, so... and forgive me for being so forward, I know you could get in trouble at the mere insinuation, but... isn't there anything un-official we could work out?"

And there it was, Kimberly thought as her heart dropped into her stomach.

Her professor just stared at her as if in amazement, stopping what he was doing and staring at her with those piercing slate-grey eyes, Kimberly never before having noticed how they had appeared blue under the lecture hall lights during this entire course. This was it, she thought. Kimberly thought that she was going to be reported then and kicked off her scholarship (and worse yet, embarrassed and shunned from her school and respective course of study). She immediately regretted her decision and wished desperately that she could have taken it back. It was too late.

"I'm afraid I'm not entirely certain I know what you mean..." Tanner started, suspiciously, his eyes locked on Kimberly, he becoming increasingly more suspect of her and the situation growing around him.

Kimberly sighed, knowing she was now going to have to spell it out.

"I don't know. I mean, could I like... go down on you or something?" she stated as sultry and innocently as she could muster, feigning the nubile schoolgirl in need of a spanking from her dominating, older teacher. In this case... her professor.

Tanner swiveled his head around to the door to make sure that nobody had been eavesdropping on them, Kimberly immediately feeling ashamed of herself, left standing before her professor to be considered sexually like some prostitute or simple whore trying to sleep her way to the top. All her dignity she had worked so hard for slipped off her like a cheap black dress. Finally, Tanner turned back to Kimberly. He wore a look of amazement and anger on his face that Kimberly knew meant nothing good for her future academically or professionally. So she just hung her head low and waited for the punishment, praying that it would come swiftly and without pain.

"I'm sorry, Professor, I..." she began.

"Ms. Hoffman, do you realize because of what you just said, I have to immediately notify the board of directors along with my immediate supervisor, and possibly consider contacting an attorney. What you said could result in my losing my job, to say nothing of what would happen to you and your future at this school. I expected better from you, Kimberly."

"I understand, Professor. I'm sorry, I guess I was just desperate," she admitted, never before having felt so disgusted or ashamed with herself.

Tanner looked at Kimberly and sighed, frustrated. 

He felt his loins stirring for the redheaded sex goddess before him, he thinking that the only reason a woman like her was made had less to do with economics and more to do with the simpler pleasures in life. He thought her ex-boyfriends to be lucky at the chance to experience a roll in the hay with such an exquisite beauty, though he doubted seriously if they pleasured her the way he would, or appreciated her beauty the way he might if given the chance. But he couldn't take that chance, and still, he was not picking up his phone or sending the poor young lady who had just committed academic suicide to the firing squads. He just didn't have it in him, nor could he fail her also. Then, as if things had not taken a turn for the worse enough, Kimberly started to cry right in front of him, quickly trying to turn away and make a run for the door. Tanner ran after his student and grabbed her by the wrist, keeping her from bursting through the doors (him knowing that a student running crying from his lecture hall would be trouble for him later if witnessed). But when she did stop, he didn't know what he wanted to do to her, especially now that he was physically touching her and close enough to inhale her intoxicating scent.

Their eyes met awkwardly.

Kimberly felt like he could crush her like a bug right there and quivered.

"Ms. Hoffman, please... I won't... I won't report you, okay?" he began.

"Thank you!" she let out, still wiping away the tears as they fell.

And then she threw her arms around him and clung to him, hoping to literally melt in his apology, shocked immediately to feel his excitement press between her legs and against her own excitement. It sent a wave of electricity surging through her privates, which she tried to ignore, hoping her professor too might ignore how they had just come together because of her own rudeness. After all, she had put the idea into his head; it would only be natural that it had excited him. Still, she took it as a compliment that just the mere mention of receiving a proper blowjob from her caused him to get hard. But Kimberly shook the thought and pulled Tanner tighter as he just consoled her and ran his powerful hands through her strawberry locks. Kimberly wanted him to tell her that everything was going to be okay, and he did, over and over, coddling her like a small child. God, how much more could she embarrass herself, Kimberly thought, as she pulled away from Tanner and looked back into his eyes, looking for redemption? 

"Your make-up is running," Tanner said, never before having been so close to Kimberly that he could smell her, see the gooseflesh on her cleavage. He reached up and rubbed her ruined mascara and dried tears off her cheeks with his thumbs. Kimberly just smiled and lost herself in her professor's gaze as he cleaned her face. She felt whole again, clean even. His eyes fell again to her cleavage, but she didn't mind. He finally looked back up at her and smiled; embarrassed that he had let her see him take her in like that.

"I don't want you to take this as rejection, though, Ms. Hoffman..."

"Kimberly!" she corrected anxiously.

"May I be frank with you, Ms. Hoff -- Kimberly, I mean?" Tanner asked.

"Please!"

"You're an incredibly beautiful woman, and I wish I could let you go through with this. I very much would love to receive a blowjob from such a stunningly beautiful woman as you. I'm sure I will be thinking about it for the rest of the quarter now, and every time I see you in class too..."

"Thank you..." Kimberly added, embarrassed, watching Tanner's eyes fall to her neckline again, suddenly wishing she could give herself to him in some way that wouldn't get them both in trouble. She wanted to be had, and by him and him only. Whatever he would ask of her now, she truly would follow through with, because now she knew that deep down, he was truly a sweet guy and not the type of person who would willingly take advantage of someone like herself. Still, he stared at her cleavage, his erection pressing into her privates, she pressing a little harder against it.

And then Dr. Tanner planted his lips on Kimberly and took the breath right out of her, her stomach filled with butterflies and her privates flooding with excitement she had not felt toward a man in a long, long time. The kiss was too forbidden, so Kimberly melted into it and let the moment take her with it as she parted her lips and invited her professor's tongue inside her own mouth. When she felt it slip inside, she used her own tongue to massage it gently, an old trick she read about in this magazine or that one. He even pulled her closer against his excitement, causing them both to moan out into each other's mouth. When the kiss finally ended and Kimberly came back down to Earth, she was left standing before him a mere mortal and he a God. His wish was her command at that point, though he would never know it. But she desperately wanted him to. He just smiled down at her and brushed a strand of hair from her brow, holding her body tightly against his own, the two conjoined at the hip. Neither Kimberly nor the Professor cared that at any moment somebody could walk in and ruin all the fun, causing both of them to get kicked out together. There would have been something so forbidden about that, Kimberly thought, as she stared back into her professor's powerful gaze.

"Let that be our little secret, okay?" Tanner said.

"Okay..." Kimberly managed, seeing her professor's eyes fall again.

"Do you want to see them?" Kimberly asked, nervously.

"I..." Tanner began, lost in the seductress' heavy cleavage. "Now is not the time I'm afraid. Anybody could just..."

"Of course..." Kimberly said, quickly pulling away, leaving the professor's obvious erection without a home and pushing a tent beneath his slacks. Kimberly had to admire how big it seemed, and loved that it was for her.

"But, if you'd like to meet me in my office in say... twenty minutes? I would be more than interested in seeing what it is you want to show me," Tanner said nervously, embarrassed that he had to turn around and re-adjust his cock beneath his belt while his redheaded vixen got to just watch on, smiling. He hoped he had the good sense to run back to the office and masturbate furiously, but no amount of porn would be able to satisfy what Kimberly was promising him. When he was finished, he turned to face her.

"I'll be there," she said, turning swiftly and walking out of the room, leaving a breathless professor aroused and terribly nervous behind her.

Kimberly ran immediately to the bathroom to re-touch up her ruined make-up and inspected her cleavage, knowing that it was about to go on full-display for her professor to do, well... whatever he wanted with it. Her panties were soaked through also, but there was nothing to be done about it now. Instead, she had to simply wait an excruciating fifteen minutes before heading toward Dr. Tanner's private office in the basement where, thankfully, nobody was left at this hour. It was a late class and by now all the teachers had long since left, the students already back in their dorms drinking and ignoring homework. When she finally turned the corner and saw Dr. Tanner's light on in a dark hall of locked offices, she swallowed nervously. This was it, she thought. Kimberly pressed on and stood on the other side of her professor's door. She took a deep breath and knocked.

"Come in..." she heard him say.

It was a small office, but with just enough room for the two of them.

Tanner sat in his office chair casually, as if their last interaction had not transpired, his erection obviously bulging beneath his belt at this point.

"So, Ms. Hoffman... you wanted to show me something?" he asked casually.

"Yes, Professor," Kimberly began, pulling back the straps of her tank top and bra and then pulling them both down off her large, milky white breasts with puffy pink areolas and rock hard nipples. Tanner's eyes went wide. "I wanted to show you my breasts, professor," she then added. "As a token of my appreciation for handling our sensitive situation with such grace."

"Kimberly, those are... exquisite," Tanner stated. "But I'm having trouble admiring them in the detail I would like all the way over there," he added.

Kimberly smiled and walked around Tanner's desk and stood before him, he standing up and staring right at her exposed breasts, left breathless.

"You can touch them if you want. I won't expect anything in return, just... if you want to is all... as a thank you for being so sweet to me..."

Tanner's stiff fingers reached out and brushed over Kimberly's areolas and ran over her erect nipples, the sensation causing Kimberly to groan right there. Finally, her professor began to grab her breasts, squeezing them as if testing them for ripeness, and then massaging and kneading them firmly. Kimberly just closed her eyes, both of her magnificent breasts now in her professor's hands. Then, suddenly, she felt his tongue flick over one of her nipples. She opened her eyes in enough time to see her own professor nursing on her breast like an infant. The sight aroused her as she took his head into her hands and continued to let him suckle at her breast.

"Oh, professor... that feels amazing," Kimberly began as he switched to her ignored breast, leaving the other lathered in a layer of sticky saliva. 

"You know, Ms. Hoffman, there's one thing I've always wondered," Tanner said, turning up to meet eyes with her. "Is if you're a natural redhead or not," he finished, eyes falling down and between her legs. Kimberly blushed at the mere mention of her privates, but smiled anyway knowing full well that she was going to show her professor any part of her body she needed.

"You're more than welcome to inspect," Kimberly added, Tanner now turning down and helping her out of her top and bra. When they were off, and she was left completely topless before him, Tanner started to fumble with her belt. When he finally got it off, he unbuckled and unzipped her fly. Then, he looked back up at her for confirmation, which she gave with a simple nod. Then, in one fell swoop, Kimberly felt the professor yank her pants off her hips, leaving her standing only in her black panties. He helped her step out of them and tossed them aside with her other clothes. Then, her horny professor hooked his fingers into the bands of her underwear and pulled them off, revealing a small, neatly trimmed patch of fiery red hair left guarding her little nub. Kimberly had to help herself out of her panties, as her professor was left staring at her vagina untamed. She was nervous about her smell and sight, but judging by the hypnotized look in Dr. Tanner's eyes, she had nothing to feel embarrassed about anymore.

"Ms. Hoffman, you are a natural redhead indeed," Tanner stated.

"I'm afraid so," she added.

"I think you look very distinguished with this bit of hair here," Tanner said, Kimberly melting at the sensation of her professor's hands running through her pubic hair and just over her mound. She was completely naked before him now and without inhibitions or regrets. And Tanner was fine with that, hoisting his beautiful student up onto the desk and spreading her legs gently, revealing her full vulva to him, shaved bare smooth other for her neatly kept patch. Now, Kimberly blushed, since it was revealed how wet she was, her inner thighs coated in her own nectar.

"Ms. Hoffman, you're incredibly wet..."

"You make me incredibly wet, professor..."

Kimberly reached down and began to rub her aching clit in gentle, simple circles, no longer caring that she was masturbating for an audience now. Her clit needed some attention, and she was going to have an orgasm in this office whether it was given to her, or she delivered it herself. Tanner just watched on, hypnotized, Kimberly occasionally spreading her lips and revealing the true beauty of her flower to him. Finally, Tanner inched between his student's legs and inhaled her most intimate scent like a rose.

"Kimberly, you have the most amazing scent of any woman I've known."

"I taste amazing too..."

That was all he needed.

The professor dove in and began lapping at Kimberly who started to moan out in ecstasy, her professor's tongue dragging over her most sensitive corners and pushing inside her most intimate body part. Her taste was forbidden and sweet, like tart or citrus. Her smell was musky and intoxicating, and no part of her pussy was left un-touched by her professor's tongue. Whether it be the insides of her labia, her clit or swollen lips, or even inside her vagina... his tongue went there. Her own orgasm built like a raging inferno against her clitoris, a deep pressure building up on top of it in need of immediate release. Kimberly quickly wrapped her legs around her professor and started moaning out, rubbing herself like a crazed maniac in front of her teacher. Occasionally, Tanner reached up and fondled her large breasts while plunging his fingers deep inside of her, his fingers completely coated in her excitement when he came back out of her.
