 Debby awoke with a start, at first confused about where she was before it all rushed back. She awoke to find Alex on top of her, removing her gag (the mask was already gone), and before she could say a word his mouth covered hers and he began to kiss her. His arms wrapped around her and held her close as their tongues danced, and time seemed to stand still at least for a moment. When Alex broke the kiss he looked down on her and grinned. As he lifted himself off of her Debby finally got a decent look at him. He was taller than her, that much was apparent. He looked like he worked out. Strong shoulders, manly chest, muscled arms. She looked down between his legs and saw that he was reasonably endowed, and well groomed. Not hard at the moment, but that could change...

Alex worked his way around the bed removing the cuffs from her wrists and ankles, and Debby curled up and then stretched luxuriously now that she could finally move on her own. "I thought you might be thirsty," Alex said, and he sat down on the edge of the bed next to her and held a bottle of water up to her mouth. Debby leaned forward and greedily drank the water as she looked at Alex, and he returned her gaze with just a hint of a smile. "I hope you enjoyed that," Alex said. "You told me what you wanted."

"Yes honey, I was so excited I can't even tell you. I know I had told you that I liked being tied up, but I have never been gagged before. That was... surprising, and exciting, but also ..." Debby trailed off.

"What?" said Alex.

"Well, I wanted to KISS you dammit!"

Debby stuck out her lower lip and pretended to pout and they both laughed. Alex fell on top of her again and they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed deeply. They lay there in each others arms for a moment before Debby finally broke the silence and said, "Can we please take a shower? I feel like... well, nevermind." Alex saw her blushing and said "You feel like what?"

"Oh, this phrase I've used plenty of times before. It always seemed nice enough. 'Rode hard and put away wet.' It's about horses and... anyway, after what we just did it feels like it has a different meaning."

Alex laughed out loud, and Debby couldn't help but laugh and pull him close.

"Sure, we can take a shower," Alex said, chuckling. "Go get it started, I'll meet you in there."

They broke their embrace and Debby sat up on the bed and glanced at the blinds covering the window of the hotel room. It was still pitch black outside. They still had plenty of time together...

Debby walked through the doors at the end of the bedroom and discovered that their suite had a large bathroom with a tub and a separate glass-enclosed shower. The thought of relaxing in a tub sounded very tempting, but she wasn't sure Alex would be patient enough. She suspected he was going to drag her back to that bed first chance he got. "So, shower it is..." she thought. She opened the glass door and stepped onto the cool tiles. She pulled the shower lever up and turned it to what she hoped was 'Warm' and was rewarded with a hot blast of water on her arm. She stepped directly in front of the stream of water and ducked her head to get her hair wet before tossing her wet hair behind her and running her hands over her face to clear the water. Debby took a step back and let the hot water spray forcefully against her breasts and run down her torso. She ran her hands briefly over her wet breasts (noticing that her nipples were already hardening) and down her flat stomach until she reached her mound and laughed out loud. She was completely bare down there, and once Alex had shaved her he had used the razor against the grain. She ran her fingers down over her lips and cupped herself, her pinky and index finger feeling her inner thighs. He had been thorough; there wasn't even a hint of stubble. Debby giggled a little; she hadn't been this bare since she was a girl.

Behind her she heard the glass shower door open and pulled her hand away from herself much too fast. She was sure Alex must have seen the startled motion. Alex's hands snaked around her waist and pulled her back towards him, and Debby leaned back into him. His chest was pressed against her back, his hands were clasped just below her belly button, and he was gently kissing her neck. She felt his hard shaft pointing down, pressed between her cheeks. Debby arched her back and let the water spray off her breasts as her nipples got even harder, and she felt Alex's hands slide up her tummy and cup her breasts before gently squeezing them and massaging them and pushing them together. She could feel Alex's hard cock sliding against her backside, and she spread her legs slightly and reached down with one hand to grasp him and pull him between her legs before closing them again. She slid her fingers around the head of his manhood and felt him thrust against her thighs in response. Alex continued to rub her breasts and pinch and tease her nipples, and with her left hand Debby's fingers gently stroked the head of his cock. With her right hand she reached up to the shelf just below the the shower head and grabbed a bar of soap. She moved her hand down until she was able to hold Alex's right hand with the bar of soap in between, and she said, "Will you wash me honey?"

Alex grunted something, and released her right breast long enough to take the soap from her. He held it under the water for a few moments, and then began rubbing it across her belly, first side to side, then up and down, and then in circles. Debby continued to tease the head of Alex's cock with her left hand, holding her thighs together to keep his cock there. As he washed her he pumped his hips against her bottom, the tip of his cock thrusting out lewdly a few inches from her thighs. Debby released his manhood long enough to run her left hand across her belly and cover it with soap suds before grasping his cock again and covering the tip with bubbles. Alex groaned in her ear, and began to press against her more urgently as his soap moved up to gently wash her breasts. His right hand and the soap rubbed her slick breasts, and his thumb brushed against her nipples, making them harder yet. His left hand grasped her left hip firmly, and he started to thrust a bit more firmly between her legs.

Each time Alex would thrust against her thighs and her hand she would almost release him, and then tighten her grip as he withdrew for another thrust. Alex's breath was beginning to be ragged in her ear and she noticed that he had almost stopped moving his right hand to wash her. She reached down with her right hand and gently cupped his balls, but each time he thrust against her trying to get sensation from her hand or her thighs she would open her hand and move her thighs slightly apart. Finally Alex noticed what she was doing and wrapped his arms around her and pulled her tightly against him. "You tease," he said. She giggled. "You like it anyway," she said.

With his right arm Alex pulled Debby against him, and he slid his cock back, out from between her thighs. Meanwhile, his left hand moved steadily downward until his palm was on her mound, and he began to slowly rub his fingers in a circular motion against her clit. Debby moaned and put her hands on the walls of the shower to steady herself. The hot water continued to spray off her breasts and erect nipples, and she could feel Alex's hardness pressed against her, but all that mattered was his hand. He began to slide it up and down between her legs, and she parted her thighs to give him more access. His middle finger slid up and down along her lips and gently spread them with the tip of his finger before sliding one finger inside her to the second knuckle. Debby gasped, and he rubbed the tip of that finger against her G-spot as he held her in place with his strong right arm and his body pressed against her from behind. For a minute or so he rubbed that special place inside her, and slid the finger almost out before sliding it right back into place. Soon he added a second finger, and as they plundered her wet pussy he rubbed against her clitoris with the side of his hand. She began to rock her hips against his hand... she would cum soon... soon...

And just like that Alex removed his hand and stepped back in the shower, leaving Debby gasping with her hands on the walls. "You promised me you would bring your toy. I want to see what you do with it," he stated. Debby took a deep breath and sighed. "Don't start with me," Alex chuckled as he opened the shower door. Debby turned and looked at him and caught her breath again. The bathroom was foggy from the hot water, and Alex was standing there with his erect cock sticking straight out. He reached for a towel and held it in front of himself at shoulder level. "I'll dry you off honey," he said. Debby stepped out of the shower and turned around as Alex put the towel around her shoulders and began to rub her shoulders, then her back. When he started drying her bottom she noticed he spent perhaps more time than necessary rubbing her cheeks through the towel, before he got down on one knee to dry the backs of her legs.

"Turn," he said, and she turned to face him. Alex ran the towel up one leg and then the other, and then suddenly leaned forward and ran his tongue along her lips before standing and rubbing the towel on her breasts. She noticed he had a bit of smirk on his face, and she gave him a dirty look. He laughed.

"Ok, that's enough, go get your toy," he said, and pushed her out of the bathroom before giving her a playful smack on the bottom on her way out the door. She yelped and glared at him but he just laughed more.

Debby went to her purse and unzipped it to retreive her "toy". It was a large dildo that had an appendage that went in her backside, and another that rubbed against her clit. It had embarrassed her to tell Alex about it, but even moreso when she had confided that she thought of him as she used it. As she was getting the toy out of her purse she could hear Alex on the other side of the room and heard the clink of ice cubes in a glass, and turned around to see him pouring a glass of whiskey. He had put a towel around his waist, and he looked... delicious. Delicious is the word. "Would you like one honey?"

"You know I don't drink," Debby said. Alex seated himself in the chair at the foot of the bed, crossed his legs, and said "Well... show me what you do with this famous toy I've heard all about." Debby was acutely embarrassed to be standing there completely nude with this lewd sexual device while Alex sat there cooly studying her as he sipped his drink. "Come on Debby, don't be shy. You've told me all about it. Lay down on the bed and show me. I want to see." Debby was still frozen, standing there, when Alex stood up, walked right up to her, took her in his arms, and kissed her deeply. She relaxed in his strong arms and her tongue entwined with his as they kissed. After what could have been a minute (or was it ten?) Alex broke the kiss and sat back down in the chair. "Go ahead honey," he said, and smiled at her. She smiled shyly and climbed onto the bed.

Grabbing two pillows to support her head she lay back and spread her legs and looked down her body at Alex as he sipped his drink. She rubbed her clit gently with her left hand, and with her right she moved the toy into position. Debby took a deep breath and locked eyes with Alex who was staring intently at her. She began to move the tip of the toy up and down along her pussy and then slid it inside a few inches. Still she stared directly at Alex, who seemed to have forgotten how to breathe. She slide the toy farther inside until she felt the other part nestled against her rosebud. She paused and looked at Alex as if for his ok, and he simply nodded. Debby pulled the toy farther inside her, and felt it penetrate her in two places. In moments she had it all the way in her and the toy was rubbing against the hood of her clit. She began to rock it against her, and slide it in and out slightly, never taking her eyes off Alex.

He stood and placed the drink on the end table and dropped the towel from his waist. Debby moaned as she looked at his incredibly hard cock. She could tell how turned on he was; it was already dripping pre-cum. "Don't stop baby," he said as he approached, and as she continued to work herself with the toy Alex climbed on the bed and straddled her chest and looked down at her. "Open your mouth baby," he said, and lowered himself down, sliding the tip of his cock between her wet lips and into her mouth. He continued to push his shaft into her mouth until it was as deep as she could take him, and he held himself there for a minute. Then two minutes. She continued to play with her toy, and run her tongue along the bottom of his shaft, around the tip, and occasionally suck lustily on his cock until she couldn't take any more and came hard, with the toy thrust inside her and pressed against her clit, and his throbbing cock in her mouth. She slid the toy out of herself and moaned around his cock, and at that he began to slide it in and out of her mouth, pumping against her. She simply lay back and let him take her. Let him fuck her mouth. The wet slurping sounds as he took his pleasure were extraordinarily lewd... and exciting. He began to increase his pace, faster and faster, thrusting in and out of wet mouth until suddenly he groaned and thrust deeply inside and she felt his cock pump and twich and she could taste the salty tang of his cum. She lay there, her mouth engulfing him, waiting as he spent himself inside her, until finally he withdrew and lay on top of her with a loud sigh. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her on the lips and said, "You're amazing Debby."

They fell asleep in each other's arms.

When Debby awoke she sat up in the bed and a quick glance at the window confirmed it was still dark outside. Alex had rolled over onto his back and was sound asleep. Debby had to cover her mouth to keep from giggling as she listened to him snore. The light in the bathroom still bathed the bedroom in a dim glow, and Debby sat there on the bed next to Alex, watching his chest rise and fall with each breath. She ran a hand up his inner thigh before cupping his balls and gently holding his shaft. His breath may have a quickened a bit, but he was still asleep. His manhood stiffened slightly in her palm. Debby's right hand slid down between her own thighs and she began to rub herself as she watched this man sleep, his semi-erect cock in her hand. She could feel herself get wet as she sat there, holding him, watching him. Playing with herself.

When the thought came to her she almost came immediately, but managed to pull her hand away from herself. She sat there in the dim glow of the distant bathroom light until she was able to get up her nerve. Slowly, quietly, she sat up and straddled him. She moved up the bed until her legs were spread with her knees on each side of his shoulders. She sat up until she was sitting on her knees, and then lowered herself down to his mouth. She began to rub her wet lips against his mouth, very lightly at first, and then with more and more pressure until Alex's eyes sleepily opened and he started to say something. As soon as he opened his mouth she sat down on him, pressing her wet sex against his open mouth, and she almost laughed to see his eyes open wide. "Good morning lover," she said, and she rocked her hips against his mouth. Within moments she felt his tongue probing her, and she sighed and began to press her pussy harder against his mouth and that wonderful tongue. She began to moan and buck her hips against his wet mouth, and the closer she got to cumming the more insistent she became. Debby rocked harder and harder against Alex's mouth as she rode him, and felt the stubble on his cheeks and chin scrape against her. She ran her fingers through his hair and looked down at him as she rode him, and she screamed as she came.

She bent over him, pussy still on his mouth, and kissed his forehead and she shuddered and came... and came again. His tongue continued lapping at her juices until Debby couldn't take it any more and rolled off of him. Debby put her arms around him and laid her head on his chest and they both took deep breaths as they recovered.

"What am I going to do with you, lover?" Debby said, and sighed.