 Ch. 5 – Mazatlan

After my trip to Donna Ygnacia's I returned to the ship and slept well. When we got to Mazatlan the next morning I woke up, called Dea for a wakeup blowjob, showered, dressed and ate a quick breakfast. After a quick cigar and perusal of my e-mail I caught a taxi to the local country club for a round of golf.

I was paired with a young couple from North Carolina and a banker from Phoenix. We decided to play a ten dollars a hole skins game. The wife won the first skin for thirty dollars, but I won the next for eighty. The banker won a small one for ten and I took the last for sixty. Being the gracious winner (and I hadn't revealed my four handicap to my partners) I bought a round of drinks in the clubhouse after we were done.

Over drinks I noticed that there was considerable tension between the marrieds, his ego couldn't take that she had golfed better than him. His digs, while to some may have seemed funny, betrayed a serious insecurity to me. At one point in the conversation our eyes met and I could see the pain and anger in her face.

We all shared a cab back to the ship and made arrangements to meet at the supper club for dinner later that night. After a nap and tumble with Dea, I dressed up in a nice, white linen suit. I had a private cocktail on my deck, straight bourbon and a Monte Cristo.

When dinnertime came I went up, past the statue of David and was immediately seated after slipping the hostess some green. I gave her the names of my guests and asked that they be seated on arrival.

I ordered another bourbon and waited. Steve and Alicia came soon but the banker never did show up. Before they even sat down I could tell they had been fighting.

"Nice to see you both," I said by way of greeting.

"Hi, Joe." She replied. He merely nodded.

"Having a good cruise?" I asked.

"It's great," she said, not very convincingly.

"It sucks," he said. Alicia looked very guarded and uncomfortable, as if a storm was brewing in her spouse.

"Why is that?"

"Everything's overpriced. The room is a closet. The staff are for shit."

Boy, had this guy 'missed the boat' (pun intended). If staffers on this cruise line didn't treat you right, it was you and not they to blame.

"Sorry you aren't having a good time. I've sailed with this line for years and have had nothing but great experiences."

"Well, they always have their hand out so you must grease a lot of palms."

I just smiled. "Shall we order?"

Steve slammed down three scotches before our food arrived, then drank a bottle and a half of wine. He was barely conscious by the time the cheese-and-fruit cart arrived.

As her husband abused his liver, Alicia became increasingly embarrassed. She picked at her food and nursed one glass of white wine. When the check came I grabbed it. Alicia thanked me, but Steve became agitated.

"I can pay my own way!" he yelled. Every head in the room turned and conversation stopped. I merely smiled and slid the check toward him. He threw down his ship's account card and glared at me like he had won something.

After the server took care of things, Steve jumped up and grabbed Alicia's hand. "Let's go," he said.

"No, Steve. I'm not done with my dessert."

"We're going now!"

"No!" The staff started moving toward us, wanting to restore order.

"Fine, you little bitch! Have it your way!" With that he stormed away, hitting two tables and a waitress on the way out.

Alicia couldn't decide whether to be ashamed or angry, but tears worked for her in either case. I moved over next to her and put a hand on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, Joe. He can be such an asshole sometimes."

"If you don't mind me asking, what is his problem?"

"He's about to be fired from his job. And I just got a big promotion at mine."

"And his big macho self can't handle it?"

"Yup. And he wants a divorce because I haven't given him children."

"What a crock! Have you guys been tested?"

"He won't. He's sure it's me. I went to my doctor and all my plumbing's in order."

I suggested we leave and go down to the cigar bar. I took her hand and led her to the elevator and we went down. I ordered a bottle of cognac and lit a cigar. She took out a pack of Marlboros and followed suit.

For the next two hours we sipped cognac, smoked, and she poured out her heart. She was miserable and her husband was the cause. She was sure he was cheating on her and blamed her for everything that was wrong in his life.

During the course of the conversation, I inched closer to her. I would tell a joke and, while she laughed, touch her arm or leg. I met no resistance.

Finally, I asked the big question. "Why do you stay with him?"

"I don't know sometimes. We've been together fifteen years, since high school. He's the only guy I've ever been with."

I was sure that would change. Tonight.

Over our third cognac I looked into her eyes and took her hand in mine. They were big, beautiful, and blue and had seen too much pain. Slowly I leaned in and pressed my lips to hers. It was a soft, sweet, tender kiss. She put her hand behind my head and gently rubbed my neck. It made me sad how much this beautiful young woman needed a little tenderness.

"Thank you, Joe. That was very nice."

"Any time. Alicia, you're a gorgeous young woman and you deserve better. I know I'm being bold, but would you come up to my cabin with me?"

She thought a minute in silence. I could see the wheels turning in her head, weighing the known versus the unknown. The asshole husband versus the kind stranger.

"I've never done anything like this before."

"I know. But maybe it's time you did. I promise you a night you will always look back on fondly."

After a minute, she smiled. I had won.

I took her hand and led her back to my cabin. She was in awe of its size, seeing as how she was in one of the smaller accommodations.

We went to the bedroom and I took her in my arms. Tongues came into play as we kissed, our hands exploring each other.

"Alicia, I'd really like it if you would suck my dick."

With that she got on her knees, unbuckled my belt and took out my cock. She put her hand around it, making my organ grow. Slowly she stroked it, coaxing a full erection out of me. Soon, all nine inches awaited her tonsils.

Alicia took as much of me in her mouth as she could handle, stroking the shaft and licking the head. It felt great having this hot young married woman on her knees worshiping my cock. She knew all the sensitive parts, under the shaft, my balls, and she pulled no punches.

Wanting to prolong things I stopped her and bade her remove her clothing. I unzipped her dress and she let it slip down to her feet, revealing a beautiful black bra-and-panty set. I kissed her again as I reached between her great tits and unclasped it. As she let the cups fall away I took a breast in each hand and gently rubbed them, causing her small, brown nipples to become erect.

Alicia backed away from me and stepped out of her panties while I removed the rest of my clothes. She lay back on the bed and I got between her legs immediately. Her labia were small, as was the amount of red pubic hair that covered it.

"Honey, I'm going to eat you until you scream." With that warning I proceeded to lick her all over, from the insides of her thighs to each of her lips. I stayed away from her clit, as I wanted to build her up slowly, almost torture her, before delivering the greatest orgasm she could imagine.

She squirmed under my oral assault, bucking her hips up and down and side to side. I kept my face planted on her pussy, no matter how hard she went.

"Joe...fuck, Joe! ...fuck..."

I could tell her loser of a husband had never even come close to giving her this much pleasure. She didn't know what to do with herself as the waves of pleasure hit her. Alicia grabbed fistfuls of sheet, grabbed my hair, and even punched the headboard as she got closer and closer to the big O.

Then I did it. I rubbed her clit with the entire length of my tongue and stuck a finger into her canal. 

"OH FUCK!!" she screamed. "Keep doing that! No, stop!!"

As she reached her orgasm, her pussy let go with a flood of juice. When she started to come down I leaned up and kissed her, sharing the taste of her pussy with her.

She looked me in the eyes, hers now filled with happiness instead of pain. "Joe, I really want you to stick that monster inside me, but I'm not on any birth control. Do you have anything?"

Now was the time to spring the plan that had been developing in my mind since dinner.

"Alicia, sweetie, wouldn't you just love to get back at that jerk of a husband?"

"Yeah."

"And don't you really want a baby?"

"Yeah."

"Then why not let me plant one in your belly right now? You can't hurt a man worse than letting another man impregnate his wife."

"Do it, Joe. Knock me up higher than a kite."

I kissed her and took her hand, guiding it to my throbbing penis. "If you're serious, put my cock inside you." Without hesitation she guided me to her opening and thrust herself up.

I slowly worked myself into her tight, wet cunt. Soon I was balls deep in her so I reached around and grabbed her tight little ass cheeks. Very gently I eased my cock in and out of her. I licked her nipples as I fucked her, sucking and biting them to add to her pleasure.

"Oh, yeah Joe! Fuck me! Flood my pussy with your nasty babymakers!"

I wanted to last longer, but the thought of making a baby in this hottie drove me over the edge. "I'm gonna knock you up and make you my whore! Here it comes!" I let loose a huge wad of sperm into her. I lost count at four shots of cream.

I kept my cock in her and brought her legs up over my shoulders. I kissed her softly but deeply, as we had shared the most intimate moment possible between two human beings. I used my cock as a stopper, keeping my sperm in her. I moved my hips in and out slowly, trying to maintain an erection. When I was sure my sperm had had a bit of time to get farther in her, I started slamming my cock into her without mercy, trying to add another wave of babymakers to the mix.

Alicia screamed at this latest assault, grabbing onto me and clawing my ass and shoulders with her nails. I was driven by the same lusty idea that she was and soon added even more sperm to her pussy.

There is no sex better than babymaking sex.

I waited a minute before withdrawing from her. I instructed her to hold her legs together, and then I turned her and told her to put her feet up on the wall. I placed a pillow under her ass. She was now in perfect position to let my sperm do their work.

I went out into the main room, poured two glasses of champagne, and brought them back to the bedroom. I tipped the glass to her lips so she could drink, then poured some on her breasts and licked it off. 

About three in the morning Alicia got dressed and left. I didn't get up and she didn't say goodbye.

To this day I wonder if somewhere in North Carolina there isn't a little me running around.