 I couldn't believe my good fortune. I had won a Caribbean cruise, all expenses paid for two weeks. One of my 'must do before I die' items was a cruise. All I had to do was get to Florida.

Three days before the cruise was to start, I hopped an airplane out of Bakersfield. It took me to Los Angeles where another plane took me to Miami. I dragged my bags to the hotel and settled in to wait for the ship.

Room service delivered my dinner the first night. I looked at the brochures that were fanned out on the desk. Most of them explained the wonders of Miami.

I left the room and moved down to the hotel bar. A three piece combo was beating out Latin rhythms on a small stage. I surveyed the bar and found several groups of people, mostly women chatting at the tables. I ordered a Margarita and settled in to watch the action.

A really hot looking Cuban babe was sitting by herself at the other end of the bar. I asked the bartender to buy her a drink, on me. The guy delivered the drink and pointed to me. She accepted it, raised the glass and smiled. I went back to watching the action on the dance floor. I was looking the other way when she sidled up and sat next to me.

"Why don't we get a table?" she asked.

"Good idea," I answered and led her to a table in a dark alcove away from the dance floor. "Is this okay?"

"Yes, I like it," she replied. What is your name?"

"I'm Jack Thornton. How about you?"

"My name is Maria Sanchez."

I bought another round. 

"What brings you to Miami Jack?"

"I'm waiting for my cruise to start. I've got two days before boarding."

The combo started a slow dance. "Would you care to dance, maam?"

"I would be honored, sir"

I led her to the dance floor and held her in my arms. She snuggled up close to me and put her head on my shoulder. "This feels right," she said.

We spun around the floor like we knew what we were doing. She felt so good in my arms. Erotic thoughts flooded my mind. When the fast music started, I broke the embrace and took her back to the table.

"You don't like fast music?" she asked.

"It isn't that I don't like it. It is that I can't do it. The faster it gets, the clumsier I become. I don't want to step on you, after all we just met."

"Okay," she laughed, "We'll just do the slow ones."

As the night wore on, we got a little drunker and danced a lot more. By the time the band announced they were through, we had become really chummy.

"I would stay with you tonight," she explained, "but I don't do that on the first night."

"I understand Maria. Can I take you to lunch tomorrow?"

"Yes, meet me here at about eleven."

I leaned into her and kissed her on the lips. Her tongue snaked its way into my mouth and I sucked on it for a minute or so. "Are you sure you don't want to come to my room?" I asked.

"Of course I want to. If I do, you'll think I'm just a slut or a bar whore."

"Do you think I'm a slut or bar whore?" I asked her.

"Of course not! But you are a man. The rules are different."

"Look, I have only two nights left on the beach. I don't want to waste one of them alone, do you?"

"No, I guess not. There really isn't much difference between tonight and tomorrow night, is there?"

"None at all," I replied, "Come with me." I escorted her to the waiting elevator. 

When the elevator door shut, she grabbed my dick. "We might as well start now," she commented.

I was in complete agreement, so I played with her tits until we got to my floor.

I unlocked the room and she quickly stepped inside. When I walked through the door she spun around and locked her lips on mine. I scooped her up and headed for the bed.

She squealed when her butt hit the mattress. "I want to see it!" she exclaimed.

I was going to show her, but first, I undressed her. She had nice sized tits with large nipples that were standing up like a couple of little soldiers. I sucked one into my mouth as she yanked on my cock. My shirt and pants were ripped from me and were shortly followed by my boxers.

"Mmm, nice!" She approved as she surveyed my six inch dick.

Her pussy was shaved except for a small patch on top. I pushed her back on the bed and she quickly spread her legs. She was expecting me to poke her right away, but I had other plans. I leaned into her and kissed her pussy employing lots of tongue. She was damp when I dived on her but she was soaked by the time I came up for air.

She was thrashing around on the bed making it hard to maintain tongue contact with her cunt. She was moaning, "I thought only Cubans ate pussy!"

"Obviously not," I replied, as I licked her again. I located her clit and started licking the sensitive little organ as rapidly as I could. She immediately exploded into a wild erotic orgasm. The more she came, the better she tasted so I just kept right on licking and sucking. She screamed, "No more, no more, I'm going to faint. Fuck me now. I've got to have your cock in me!"

I crawled up her smooth little body and slipped my cock into her love channel. She grunted a little as I bottomed out. I was thrusting, she was thrashing. "Are you going to cum in me?" she asked.

"Oh, yeah, I want to make you cum as much as I can and I'm bound to lose it. I can't think about not cumming in you."

She moaned and started panting hard. I thought she might be passing out again. "Are you all right? Do you want to stop?"

"Don't ever stop. If you're going to cum in me, you must fuck me all night."

I didn't get the twisted logic behind that statement, but I willingly accepted it as a done deal. I was slamming into her harder and harder. Out of control, I started squirting a big rope of cum into her. She was making little squeaking sounds as I filled her. I could feel her cunt gripping my member as she came with me.

"I'm gonna try to leave it in you," I informed her as my dick began to shrink.

"Oh good, I love the feel of a semi-hard cock in my pussy. Let's rest like this and if it stays in, you can fuck me again when it hardens."

"I'm really glad you came with me tonight. You have a great little pussy and you are a lot of fun."

"I'm glad I came too. I wasn't looking forward to rubbing my pussy at home alone."

"If you can roll over without popping me out, I can spoon you all night," I suggested.

"Good idea!" She replied and rolled her leg over me without so much as an inch escaping her swollen snatch.

I plugged into her as far as I could with half a hardon, wrapped my arms around her and grabbed two handfuls of titties. She wriggled back against me. Her breathing became regular and soon I heard her softly sighing as she drifted off. I realized that the booze and the pussy had taken their toll on me too, so I let myself slip into sleep.

About five in the morning, I felt her started to throb on my dick. It was harder than a pool cue and still inside her so I pumped her pussy gently. I could tell she wasn't asleep because she was grunting as she tried to get my six inch cock deeper into her. Her tits were still in my hands so I massaged them gently while flicking her nipples to make her groan. 

I rolled over so that I was on top of her, still pumping her. She raised her ass and pretty soon, we were doing it doggy style. I leaned back and put my thumb on her puckered, brown, tight little ass. It was slick with her fluids, so I stuck my thumb on in.

She groaned, "What are you doing?"

"I'm getting ready to fuck your ass."

"I've never done that before. I think your cock might be too big."

"It's not much bigger than my thumb. Do you like the way my thumb feels in your ass?"

"Oh, yes, it feels wonderful. Let's try it!"

I rubbed some more pussy juice on her ass, placed my cock on her tight little hole and pressed forward. "How's that?" I asked. 

"It hurts a little but I think I'm getting used to it. Put it in deeper."

I shoved it in until my balls slapped her pussy. 

"That really feels good now!" she exclaimed. "Fuck me hard!"

I slammed her ass as hard as I could and she just grunted and took it all. "I'm gonna cum," she cried.

"Me too," I answered. I shot a big load into her ass. When she felt the cum squirting inside her she clamped her ass tightly around my cock. I could feel her ass muscles flexing as she came and that made me prolong my orgasm. I shot load after load into her. I couldn't stop. Finally my cock popped out of her ass and I fell exhausted beside her.

She was quivering and leaking cum from her ass and her pussy. I congratulated myself on a job well done.

We got up together and wandered into the shower. As the hot water stung our bodies, I held her tightly to me. "My ass is sore," she complained.

"I'll just wash it for you," I volunteered.

"Okay," she agreed and bent over to give me access to her brown eye. I gently massaged her burning hole. "You can fuck my pussy now." She declared. 

I slid my dick into her cunt. "Okay."

She wrapped her legs around my waist and started humping my cock. Her pussy flexed around me. She was really, really good pussy. It didn't take long for her to start bouncing frantically on me. Her pussy clamped down. My cock swelled up. She screeched as she came. I grunted as I fired another round into her greedy cunt.

After the shower we sat on the bed and felt each other up. "Let's get something to eat," I suggested.

"Okay," she agreed as she leaned over and inhaled my cock.

"I was gonna call room service, but they don't have anything this good. Get your pussy up here! I need some breakfast too!"

She held my dick in her mouth and swung her legs over me. Her twat landed squarely on my mouth. I sucked her labia in and chewed on them gently. When I grabbed her clit between my lips, she deep throated me. I could feel the back of her mouth as she pumped my dick with her head. I applied my tongue to her clit and once again she went wild. She tried to scream, but with my dick in her throat all she did was produce a giant vibration on my cock. That sent me over the edge and I came directly into her throat. 

She slammed my nose into her ass as she slammed her pelvis onto my mouth. Suddenly she was producing copious amounts of cunt juice. I let go of her clit and started drinking as much as I could. After she calmed down, I licked her until she was close to being clean. 

"Let's get room service to get us some food," I whined.

"Let's have a look at that menu!"

I ordered a big breakfast. We consumed it with gusto, not having eaten all night. After breakfast we explored the bathroom and found, among other things, a new room service toothbrush. Since I had my own, she took possession of it. Another shower ensued. When we were dry, we sat on the bed again touching each other and exploring our bodies. 

What are we going to do today?" I asked her.

"Let's stay here and fuck. I've already seen Florida, but you are a new toy." She answered.

In answer, I took her into my arms and laid her down. I rolled her on top of me. "How many times can you make me cum today?" I asked.

"Let's find out," she replied.

I grasped her ass cheeks and rubbed them with my fingers. "I'm still too sore for ass fucking, but we can do everything else."

My hands were everywhere on her body. I held her arms up and sucked on her armpits. She wiggled and twitched. "Nobody ever did that to me before," she whispered. "I like it."

I sucked on both of her pits until they were glowing red. She was moaning softly and turning completely wet. I rubbed her pussy and got her sweet nectar on my fingers. I raised them to my mouth and sucked her juices off of them while she watched. Her sweet little slit was lying right across my hard cock.

"Stick it in me," she whispered.

I reached down and aimed my dick at her opening and slowly pushed up into her. She moaned a little louder and pushed her tongue into my greedy mouth. I sucked on it and heard a satisfied squeak of approval. I rubbed her tongue with my tongue and felt her hips buck down on my crotch as she shoved as much of my cock into her as possible.

"Make me cum!" she cried. 

I pounded into her, rubbing her clit and kissing her fiercely. Her cunt was throbbing on me and her juices were flowing generously around my cock. I could feel her wetness as it dripped over my quivering balls. It wasn't long until I felt that tell tale tightening deep in my nuts that signaled and impending orgasm. "I'm gonna cum," I grunted.

"Fill me. Give me all of it. I'm cumming too. Fuckmefuckmefuckmefuckme!!!"

I rammed her hard and froze deep within her as my semen shot from my cock, coating the inside of her pussy with gobs of white cream. When she felt my cum pouring into her she screamed and came immediately. Then she collapsed across my body. Her lips sucked my neck as she wound down from her orgasm.

I was shaking and quivering under her. It felt so damned good! She started to roll off of me but I stopped her. "You're fine right where you are," I told her. I didn't want to let this vibrating mass of female flesh escape. My arms wrapped around her and I squeezed her as tight as I could. 

She rubbed her body against mine causing my flaccid cock to stir again. She reached between us and played with the head of my dick. She tried to stick her finger into the little hole at the tip.

I rolled on top of her never letting go. She groaned as my weight pressed her into the mattress. "I want to suck you off," she declared. 

I rolled off of her and she was on my cock in a heartbeat. It was still kind of floppy as she sucked it into her mouth and played with it with her tongue. She tried to stick her tongue into the hole. It was driving me crazy. She gently squeezed my wet nuts and played with them as she sucked on me.

It soon became apparent that I was going to require some recovery time. "Come on Maria, let's get another shower and then order some dinner. We can play later."

I followed her into the shower. As soon as the water came on, I sank to my knees and licked her clit. She pissed on my chin. It was warm and salty-sweet. I laughed and got up to wash off. "I'm so sorry!" she said. "I don't know why that happened."

"Don't worry about it. It was actually pretty good and it was a new experience for me. I might ask you to do it again later if we have time."

With that, she brightened and scrubbed me clean while I sucked on her tits. "Now I have to pee," I told her. 

"Do it on my leg!" she cried excitedly. "I've never had anyone piss on me. Go for it!"

While she held it, stream of piss shot out of my cock and ran down her legs. She laughed as she sprayed it around the shower stall. When I finished, I washed her off and she purred like a kitten.

We ordered dinner from room service. "I have to get on the ship tomorrow at nine in the morning," I said.

"I'll think about you all the time," she replied. "I'm so glad we had this time together. I'll give you my number and if you're ever here again, look me up. Maybe you can pee on my leg again."

I laughed and hugged her. "At least we have one more night."

"Let's see if we can get your soldier ready for war," she replied as she grabbed my cock and started rubbing.

I watched as it grew in her hands. She leaned down and tenderly kissed it. "I'm going to miss my little soldier," she commented.

"You're not gonna miss him yet!"

My cock swelled right up for us. She hummed a little tune as she kneaded it to life. Soon it was as hard as ever. She pushed me onto my back and straddled my crotch. She aimed it at her honey hole and slowly settled onto it.

"Mmm, it feels so good inside me! I'm gonna fuck your ass off!"

She didn't waste any time as she humped up and down on my dick. I tried to stick it further into her as she rode me. I felt her pussy spasm as she began to cum. With her sliding up and down my pole and her pussy massaging me at the same time, it didn't take long for her to fuck my ass off. I squirted some more boy juice into her and produced a satisfied groan.

It started to wilt, so she hopped off and took it into her mouth again. I sure wish I had a girlfriend like her back home! She licked my cock and balls clean and then leaned in to kiss me. I readily accepted her wet, full lips. I could taste our combined juices in her mouth as I tongued her. It was so erotic!

I said, "Let's save some for a goodbye fuck in the morning."

"Okay," she agreed. "Spoon me."

As I snuggled in and placed my cock between her cheeks, I knew there wouldn't be much left for the morning. I woke up about six and she was already grinding away on my hardon. I wondered how she managed to get it in her without waking me up. The girl obviously had hidden talents.

I stroked her hard and she came on my dick. I kept right on stroking.

"Fuck me hard Jack," she cried.

I did my damnedest to drive her through the mattress. Soon she was cumming again this time taking me with her. I didn't think I had that much stuff left, but her cunt sucked a large quantity out of me. We lay there puffing and panting. Finally I got up and pulled her into the shower. We scrubbed each other clean. I dried her off and watched as she dressed.

She stood majestically at the door. "Goodbye Jack. I had a great time. Be sure to come back one of these days. My bed is always open for you."

I took her into my arms and kissed her. "Goodbye Maria. If there ever was a reason to return to something, you're it!"

I let her go and she turned and went out the door.

I had just enough time to make the boat. I caught a taxi and it delivered me right to the pier. A porter picked up my luggage and took it on board. I walked up the gangway with my papers in my hand. As soon as I signed on, I knew that this was going to be a great cruise.

The guy at the desk said, "Mr. Thornton, welcome aboard a purser will take you directly to your suite."

Suite? I thought I'd just have a standard cabin. I was escorted to the top deck and shown my suite. It wasn't the captain's suite, but it was close. There were three spacious rooms. The bedroom held a king size bed. There was a lounge and a dining room. The bathroom was better than mine at home. 

I tried to tip the purser. "No sir that has all been taken care of. Here is your debit card. Just plug it in to any terminal when you want an excursion or something from a gift shop. The complimentary card limit is twenty thousand dollars."

I was completely flabbergasted. Maybe they had mistaken me for some touring millionaire. As the purser departed, I stretched out on the bed. I expected that any minute the purser would be back in a panic and escort me to the lower decks. I took a brief nap. I awoke to the sound of the ship's alarm. I almost panicked and then I remembered the mandatory safety drill. I stumbled out of my room and, following the directions, made my way to my emergency departure point.

We all had to don life vests and then we listened to a lecture on proper procedures. Ten minutes later it was over and I got out of the life vest and headed back to my room. I stepped out onto my private balcony and watched as our ship departed the port. The sea breeze stirred me and my hunger pangs took over. I went back in the room and found directions to the nearest eatery.

As I traversed the ship, I was following a spectacular blond in a miniskirt. She suddenly dropped her purse and I swooped in to pick it up for her. She smiled warmly as I handed it to her. 

"Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome," I replied. "Are you by chance, going to find something to eat?"

"Yes I am."

"Please allow me to escort you to the nearest dining facility."

"Thank you again," she remarked and took my arm. 

Wow! I had heard that it was easy on a cruise ship, but I had no idea it would be like this! I led her to the restaurant.

"Would you like to have lunch with me?" I inquired.

"Yes," she smiled.
