 Sitting in the back of the limousine, it was easy to imagine lying back on a boat, slipping down a river as the sun shone brightly above, its rays warming my skin. Only the river was a road, the sun were a series of street lamps and the night's heat cooled by the stream of cool air from the cars vents. I look across to the driver, strands of blonde hair slipping from below her cap, her elfin ear attentive, eyes looking forward. Her jacket smooth, framing a white shirt and tie, and only giving a hint of the sumptuous breasts that lay hidden below the layers of fabric. 

She was the epitome of focus as she steered the large car through the light evening traffic. Fast enough to keep up with traffic but slow enough for me to leer at the talent through the darkened windows. The traffic lights now red, her hands on the wheel, I studied her more intently, her curves hidden by the uniform she wore, her slim athletic legs encased in slacks, her gloved hands resting lightly on the steering wheel. I could see her eyes looking forward, her smooth pale skin glowing from the dashboard lights, her neck exposed to me. 

I could have her park the car in a side street; get her to climb into the back through the privacy window. Her small hands slowly revealed as she pulls the fingers from her gloves. Bare hands sliding the zipper down my trousers, her slim fingers reaching inside my pants as her tongue licks her lips in anticipation of her reward. My thoughts interrupted by the motion of the car suddenly coming to a halt as my driver was forced to brake to avoid hitting a woman crossing in front of us, her breasts moving freely and unencumbered below a white halter neck blouse, her hips encased by a tight pencil skirt and her calves in black hosiery. 

"Sorry Sir," the Driver apologised, her irritation given away by the tightening of her neck muscle. 

"It's okay, Driver." 

I looked out the window and saw the offending woman as she walked alongside the car, now slowed by traffic. She was a picture of concentration as she made her way through the Friday night herds, ignoring drunken offers, sidestepping the ass grabbers, not making eye contact, intent on navigating a clear path. The limousine slowly pulled ahead, leaving her in our wake when I made a decision. 

"Driver, pull over," I ordered. 

"Yes, Sir," the Driver replied, flicking the indicator to warn those behind us. 

I waited a few moments before throwing the door open, blocking the path of the skirted woman, her anger shining in her eyes momentarily, her body stiffening before she a took a timid steps into the limousine, sitting in the opposite corner, as far away from me as she can possibly get, wildly eyeing the interior. Closing the door, I order the Driver back on the road, and I see a smirk on her face as I close the privacy glass between us. 

She reminded me of a cat, the way she backed into the corner of the seat, bare arms taught at her side, ready to spring into action. Her eyes suddenly focused on me as I pour some scotch over ice I had in an otherwise empty glass. I waved the glass in her face before sitting back and taking a sip, the silky blend warming my throat. 

She let go the breath she was holding, and looked directly at me as I allowed my eyes to travel down her torso, focusing on the expanse of skin exposed between her firm ripe breasts, a tantalising glimpse of what lay hidden beneath the pale ivory fabric. Moving passed her hips, and to her knees stretching the fabric of what I assumed would be stockings given the heat of the evening so far. Her legs moving away from me, exposing the profile of her calf and ankles, her feet slipped into dainty stiletto style heels. 

She was now staring out through the window closest to her, trying to force her whole body through the closed door, an impossible escape now that she'd let herself be caught. Her fore arms having moved to hide her breasts, her breathing quickening under my gaze. More from panic than anything else, I guess. 

"What do you want from me?" she asked in a forced politeness. 

I kept my silence focusing on her face, her shoulder length hair framing her face. Turning away only serving to expose a smooth skinned back covered by a smattering of freckles, its whiteness testimony to its protection from the sun. Her slim hips pivoting to give me a glimpse of an encased buttock. 

Taking a sip from my glass, I ask: "Coming or going?"

"What?" her gaze moving away from the outside world to briefly look into my eyes, before bowing her head and returning her stare to the glass. 

"I was just wondering, given the time and the way you are dressed, whether you are on your way out, to find yourself a big cock of a man to fuck you senseless or you've been sadly disappointed by some limp dick and you're on your way home to find some satisfaction with the plastic fantastic you keep hidden in your side table." 

"Fuck you, I don't have to take this," she said as she raised her hand to the door's handle but not using it to open the door. 

"Go ahead...the door's not locked. You can leave whenever you want."

I looked away from her, finishing the scotch and looking at the drunks stumbling along the pavement. From the corner of my eye, I could see her shifting in her seat, turning towards me. 

"I'm coming," she finally said, "I'm coming home." 

"And the limp dick?" I asked, still looking out the window. 

"A bad date." 

"Did you suck his cock?"

"No!" She protested, shaking her head. 

"Did you want to?" I asked as I turned to her, seeing her face blush slightly. "Or should I say, you just wanted something hard in your mouth and your date was to much of a pussy to satisfy your need."

"I don't need it," she said. 

"But you want it," I countered looking into her cold blue eyes as they began to water, tears starting to move down here cheeks. 

"What are you doing to me?" She asked as her tears increase, her hand reaching upwards to wipe the tears away, smearing her eyeliner. 

"Nothing yet, I'm just trying to work out if I should let you suck my cock or just kick you out the door and leave you alone with your plastic man." 

I poured two serves of scotch, offering her one before pulling it back as she reached out her hand for it. "You have to earn it." 

She began to move forward, crawling towards me, about to kneel when I stopped her. "We're not there yet, honey, sit back and relax." 

She looked up, moving some strands of hair away from her eyes, taking the scotch, and sliding back into her seat, relaxing as she took a sip. 

"Spread your legs," I ordered. 

She looked up into my eyes, staring straight at me as her legs moved apart, her knee length pencil skirt tightening. 

"Wider," I ordered. 

She put the drink down and began pulling the hem of the skirt up her smooth nylon covered legs. Pausing for a moment, I sipped my drink, continuing when given no response. The fabric revealing the darken tops of her stockings causing me to take a breath, as the first glimpse of skin was revealed, legs moving further apart, her crotch shadowed by the hem of her skirt. 

"Wider," I ordered. 

Looking away, she shifted her hips forward; raising her stretched right leg along the top of the seat her left foot lay flat on the cabins floor. Her skirt now raised to her waist, clean skinned slit exposed below a narrow strip of hair pointing to tonight's prize. She picked up her glass, finishing what was left in a single smooth gulp, before leaning forward, offering her glass for more scotch and her breasts to my eyes. Her glass filled, she leaned back, taking another, and staring out the window as she sat legs apart, her quim expose, moistened lips slowly blooming. 

"Show me your nipples," I ordered. 

She swung the glass toward me, shaking it for a refill. I took her glass and her hands moved to her breasts, Sliding along the seam, lightly brushing the smooth skin, sliding her fingers over freckles before pulling outwards, slowly revealing the border of her tan, a forbidden pale white before becoming a pink, centered on her swelling breasts, darkening as the fabric brushes the tips of her nipples, continuing to reveal more pale skin, before stopping, held apart by two magnificent breasts, each large enough to be held in the palm of my hand but with enough hang to know that they were real. She dropped her right arm to the side, facilitating my view, taking her drink back and sipping it before sliding the wet glass across her nipples, both in term, coming to stand erect as she looked to the side through the darkened glass of the limousine's windows. The general public only inches away from her blushing face, her teeth biting her lower lip. 

I flicked a switch on the arm rest next to me, causing her to be framed in light within the now darkened cabin, the outside world momentarily forgotten as she turns to look at me staring at her face. 

"My tits not good enough for you," she angrily asks. 

I shift in my seat, adjusting my swelling penis, my legs now point towards her exposed crotch. 

"How often do you masturbate?" 

"Fuck you!" 

"I'm thinking you want to show me your form. Slip a finger across your clitoris, dip into your...cunt...is that what you call it, or maybe pussy," I said, waiting for a reaction. 

"And I said 'Fuck You!" 

"No, I think you're the type of woman who has a cunt. A woman who owns her own body and knowing what she likes and dislikes. Knows how to pleasure herself and get pleasured." 

"Maybe I've got a pussy, maybe I'm a slut who's driven by her pussy, looking for some one to stroke it, to tame it, to make it purr." 

"No, I don't think so. I mean if that were the case, then you'd be sucking limp dick to his one and only ejaculation for the night." 

Her head moved back to face the window as she sat spot lit in the cabin of the limousine. Her breast rising and falling with each breath, her nipples straining, her blouse still hiding her belly, my eyes were drawn below the narrow strip of grey fabric that was her skirt, gathered above the glowing skin that lay between her legs, the dark fabric of her stockings framing her quim perfectly. I almost felt like a child at a puppet show, waiting for my favourite character to pop out and make an appearance. Only, the hardening penis between my legs and my intentions towards this woman were anything but childlike. 

I took another sip of scotch as I were drawn to the luminescent skin that now laid exposed to me, flawless, untainted, perfectly smooth, her lips reddening as the blossomed opened to reveal the moistness within her folds. Her breathing was becoming more rapid as I maintained my stare, her hand raising her glass to sip once more, surprised at its emptiness, thrusting it towards me. 

"You have to pay for it," I said. 

She looked down into the empty glass, her hair shifting again, becoming wild as the night moved on. 

"At least once a day," she said speaking into her glass, before it was thrust towards me. 

"Really?" I asked, as I took the bottle and emptied its remains to her glass. 

She nodded as the blush of her face deepened flowing to her chest, as a tear leaked from her quim, causing my penis to harden even more. 

"Do you want to fuck me?" I asked. 

Her face faced looked into my eyes, her blue eyes livid, before she looked down at her drink, nodding as she moved the glass to her parted full lips, her tongue coming out from her mouth to taste the ice in her glass. 

"Show me," I said.

She paused in her movements, eyes wide, her flushed chest raising and falling with each breath. She looked at me for a moment before bringing her legs together. Placing her glass in a cup holder in the armrest, she began to slink towards me, finally sitting opposite me, on the edge of her seat. Her hands reach out, landing my knees, her palms slowly sliding there way up my thighs passed my crotch and underneath my jacket, along my rib cage, before her fingers came to rest around my neck. Tightening, and using me as leverage, she pulled her mouth towards mine, opening her mouth at the last second, allowing her tongue to breach my mouth and wrestle with my own. Her mouth now locked to mine, our tongues battling for supremacy, her hands moved away from neck to my chest, tearing at my shirt causing buttons to fly around the cabin as if weightless. 

Now straddling my knees, her legs on either side of my own, her hands on my bare chest, pinching my nipples. She took the glass from my hand, took a long sip, before throwing the empty glass over her shoulder, and moving her closed lips to my mouth, once more breaking the seal with her energised tongue, the now warm scotch trapped in the heat of her mouth spilling over our bodies. 

Pulling away, she whispered almost to herself: "You make me so hot? Oh baby..." The heat from her cunt burning my groin as she rubbed it against the fabric of my pants, before plunging forward and biting the lobe of my ear. 

Surprised at the ferocity of her bite, I pushed her forward, looking into her eyes, her hair wild around her face, her makeup smeared.

"Show me!" I said again, eliciting a soft growl from her throat. 

She focused for a moment, her quim roughly sliding off my leg, as she reached down, undoing my belt, then the buttons, the zipper before pulling my pants together with my briefs to my ankles, my cock now exposed to the superheated air of the cabin, the limo's aircon failing to cool either of us as beads of sweat began forming on our bodies. 

She grabbed my cock, running her hands from the tip to bottom, spreading the precum along its hard length. Looking into my eyes, she began to slide herself along my legs, her heat drawing my cock towards her depths. 

"Is this what you want baby, you want me to stick your cock in my cunt? Huh baby," she moaned.

Time stopped as I looked into her eyes, and I could feel her yearning. She's not a slut, a five minute fuck and yet here she was about to plunge down on the cock of a man she's known for less than five minutes, and for what... a couple of nips of scotch. 

At that moment, I raised my hand to her nipple, pinching it hard, eliciting a moan, looking into her eyes, I said: " It's okay, baby, it's okay. We can stop whenever you want." 

"Fuck that!" 

The moment gone, she took hold of my cock, aimed it upwards and plunged her pussy down it, bottoming out in a mixed groan of pleasure and pain. The heat was too much for me as I moaned to release the pressure building in scrotum. 

Her arms now bracing herself against compartments ceiling, she pushed down, flexing her muscles, tightening around my cock, searing our union. 

"Fuck yes," she whispered loudly as her hips rotated on mine, enjoying the feeling of fullness from my cock.

My hands now on her breasts, rhythmically pinching her nipples, her hands on the ceiling, allowing me an obstructed view of her upper torso, her muscles flexing as she balanced herself on my cock in the moving car. 

"Oh baby," she groaned as she used the power in her legs to raise herself to almost the tip of my cock, before pushing against the ceiling, forcing my cock deeper. "Oh, baby," she groaned again, before repeating, 

My hands moved down her sides, my attention focusing on the light touch of her smooth skin on my fingertips before my left coming to rest on her hip, my right hand tracing the contours of her belly, moving inwards, my finger nails scratching her strip of pubic hair. 

Her hands now on my shoulders, her torso flushed red with her need for release, I move my right hand to cup her face, forcing my thumb into her mouth, forcing her such on it like a little cock. She groaned as stream of drool came out of her mouth, landing on my bare chest, my hand returning to her pubic hair, my now wet thumb seeking her prize, the centre of pleasure, my success acknowledged by a sudden groan as her mouth comes down on my mine, piercing my lips with her tongue. 

"Oh, baby, yes," she moaned as I bit her chin, her throat pushed onto my mouth, her moaning louder as she breaths into my ear. 

Feeling her release coming, I quicken my thumb across her clitoris, causing her push down hard into my crotch as I feel her pussy tighten around my cock, her moaning paused as she struggles to inhale, and just as I feel her cresting her wave, I raise my left hand to pinch her nipple hard and with my right fingers and thumb pinch her clitoris and holding on as her cunt goes wild on my penis, pushing, pulling, squeezing, pushing, pulling, pushing, ever deeper as I feel my ejaculate explode into her belly, causing me to groan, both hands quickly moving up her back onto each should and pulling her down, deeper onto my cock, our bodies grinding against each other, trying to merge, I lick our sweat from her body, she pulls my head up, plunging her tongue into my mouth, finally coming to rest in a quivering mess, holding onto my head, breathing hard into my ear, feeling her pulse on my lips, as her cunt spasms uncontrollably on my softening penis.