 I know how this will sound, but it really was just like any other evening rush hour. It had been a long day, and I hadn't even had a chance to stop for lunch. So at 6pm, I decided to call it a day and headed for the station. As I got onto the platform, there were clearly more people than usual for that time of the evening. This usually meant one thing. There was something wrong with the service. Sure enough, a few minutes later an announcement was made. The train that should have arrived 5 minutes before I got to the station, which had previously been delayed, was now cancelled. Much as the announcer apologised for any inconvenience caused, it didn't make things better. They informed the waiting crowd that the next train would be along any minute now, but warned that it would be very overcrowded.

As the train pulled onto the platform, I jostled for position with my fellow commuters. Knowing the route well, the doors opened right in front of me, allowing me to get on first. I found a spot in the corner opposite the closed doors and stood my ground. In front of me was a girl I'd seen before. She was often on the train and was always on before me, frequently making me wonder where she got on. I subtly looked her up and down, as I had done many times before. She was slim and attractive, around 5' 6" with an athletic figure and shoulder length, blonde hair. Today she was dressed in a pretty black dress that Audrey Hepburn would have been jealous of. My subtle look must have lingered a little too long, as I looked up to notice her noticing me. I looked away, trying not to show my obvious embarrassment but knowing that I was blushing profusely. The doors slammed shut and the train began to move.

In order not to catch her gaze again, I stared at the floor. I noticed that she was wearing red, open toed shoes and my mind began to wander. I'll admit that I have a bit of a thing for feet, and the thought of her feet, with their beautifully painted toenails, covered in oil, sliding up and down my... well, you get the idea.

When we reached the next station, even more people got on, forcing everyone closer together. I struggled to get any distance between myself and this girl. As the carriage filled, it was no use, and I ended up pinned against her. 

"Sorry for this. Are you OK?" I asked. 

"Sure. I'm fine." she responded. 

The scenario had left my groin grazing her abdomen which was no real problem, or at least not to start with.

As the train began to pull away, the movement of the carriage made us rub together. Our initial touching would have been just bearable for the journey, but this movement was beginning to have an effect on me. Or at least, on part of me. My hands were locked tight against two grab handles above my head to stop me from pushing against her and it soon became apparent that I had nothing to hide my arousal. I tried the usual method of thinking about something, anything else to control myself and it was proving a challenge. Just at that point, I felt the contact between us change. The relatively passive rubbing between our bodies had been replaced. Unless I was completely mistaken, I could feel something starting to trace the line of my shaft, perhaps her fingers. I was convinced that I could feel her fingers moving up and down my length but really couldn't be sure that this wasn't all part of my overactive imagination. I was struggling once more to think of other, more appropriate thoughts for a rush hour train journey, when I felt the sensation alter again. This time, I was certain that I could feel her thumb and index finger either side of my cock.

Having been looking away, I plucked up the courage to confront her with my eyes. I looked down at her, to find that she was already looking back. 

"Are you OK?" she asked with a smile. 

A whispered "Sure, I'm fine." was all that I could manage. 

"Good" she responded. "I'm Kate by the way." she proclaimed proudly. 

"Matt." I squeaked back. 

"Pleased to meet you" she said as she shook my manhood firmly as if in formal greeting.

I was now rock hard. Kate's fingers were working their magic on me. I continued to look into her eyes, and she met me with an equally intense stare. Just then, I felt her motion alter. I could feel her fingers leave my shaft as I felt my trousers pull on my hips. Could this really be happening? She was pulling at the zip of my fly, slowly moving it down. I could then sense her feeling around at the front of my boxers, before unbuttoning the fly and slipping her fingers inside. As she entered my underwear, I could feel her warm hand touching my hard member, unimpeded by clothing, but on a packed commuter train.

Her fingers worked up and down my shaft as her palm massaged the head. With the excitement that the situation had created, I had released some pre-cum which only helped to lubricate Kate's hand, exciting me further. I felt her rub the liquid from my slit over the head of my penis with her thumb. As she looked into my eyes, she took great pleasure in grazing my balls with her fingernails and squeezing my sack. 

The feeling was intense and I knew that if she continued, I really wouldn't be able to control myself. I leant into her ear and softly whispered to her. 

"If you carry on, I'm going to ...". 

"Going to what?" she replied with a broad smile. 

Leaning in again, I softly nibbled her ear as I breathed the word "Cum." into her. 

"Don't worry. I'll catch you."

With that, I felt her fingers pull my cock free of both my boxers and my trousers. This made me suddenly very aware that I was stood there, on a packed train, in an extremely compromising situation. Far from curbing my enthusiasm, it only aroused me further. Her fingers left me briefly before returning and wrapping me in what I assumed was a handkerchief where she continued to work on me, gripping my shaft firmly and pulling my skin up and down.

I knew that I would cum soon and leant in to tell her. I will never forget her whispered response as it pushed me over the edge. 

"How do you like the feeling of my panties around your cock?" and with that I was gone. 

After I had exploded into her underwear, I felt Kate milk every last drop of cum out of me, before cleaning the end of my member and slipping it back inside my trousers. As she zipped up my fly, I felt her slip her hand into my trouser pocket. 

"I want these washed, before you return them." 

"No problem and thank you." 

"You're welcome. This is my stop. Next time, I'd like to catch you in my mouth."