 Desiree put down her pencil and looked around the class. As always, she had finished the test before anyone else. She smiled and looked to the front of the room trying to catch Mr. Harris's eye. She focused on his lips as she willed him to look up at her. Finally, his green eyes met hers and he gave her a quick smile before going back to grading homework.

Desiree's heart fluttered. Like every other female senior in his class, Desiree had a crush on Mr. Harris. It wasn't only his gorgeous eyes or the muscles she could see through his button down shirts, he just always seemed so happy. He seemed to know how to get each student to do their best. This was the first class Desiree had felt this confident in. 

The problem with having a crush on such a happy person was that she couldn't tell if his smiles were meant flirtatiously. She shook her head. "Probably not," she thought, but that didn't stop her from daydreaming. 

Desiree played with her hair as she looked out the window and waited for her fellow classmates to finish. She wrapped one chestnut curl around her finger again and again. 

She thought about running her hands over Mr. Harris's muscles. First over his pecs, then his, abs, and then back up again. He would pull her closer until she was so close she could smell him. He would look at her straight in the eyes, licking his lips, as he slowly took off her school cardigan. She would look down and see a growing bulge in his pants. 

Mr. Harris glanced over at his star student. She was gazing out the window. Her dainty face framed perfectly with curls. Her green tartan skirt was caught, so he could see her upper right thigh where he noticed three freckles making a small triangle. They stood out next to her pale skin. 

He imagined kissing each of those freckles. He would kneel down in front of her desk, push up her skirt a little more, and kiss each one. Then he would look up at her as a smile played on his lips. She would look back, biting her lip, and pull up her skirt a little more, inviting him in. 

As he thought this, he saw a grin flash across Desiree's face. He wondered what she was thinking about. He knew she was 18, but it still felt so wrong. 

RING RING RING

The school bell snapped Desiree and Mr. Harris out of their daydreams. Desiree's mouth was dry and she could feel her panties beginning to get wet. 

Mr. Harris stood up, but quickly sat down again so the students wouldn't notice how excited his cock had become. 

The students began filing out, leaving their tests on Mr. Harris's desk as they left to go home for the day. "Have a good weekend, Mr. Harris," said Desiree as she gave him her test and began to leave. 

"Wait a minute Desiree," blurted out Mr. Harris. She poked her head back in the room with a quizzical look. "Damnit," he thought to himself. "Now what am I going to say to her?"

"Um," his cock jerked excitedly. "Good job today," he ended lamely. His cock deflated as she left. If only he had the nerve to grab her by her hips and pull her into him.

Desiree headed down the hallway and watched as students ran to their cars, trying to be the first ones out of the parking lot. She was normally one of them, but her head was too full of Mr. Harris to move quickly. 

If she wanted something to happen, she knew she had to make a move. She took a deep breath and turned around, headed back to the classroom. 

The door was closed. She knocked lightly before opening the door. "I'm here because..." she started, before realizing she didn't have a plan. "I'm here because I think I got number four on the test wrong." 

He looked disappointed, as he motioned for her to take her test back out of the pile. Her mind was running a million miles a minute as she reached for the tests on his desk. Her elbow hit his glass of water. Before she knew what was happening, there was water all over the desk and the tests.

Desiree blanched. "I'm so sorry. I'll get paper towels." She said it so quickly it sounded like one word. She bounded out of the room towards to restroom. Her cheeks flushed as she pictured the scene. Why did she have to be so awkward! God! She grabbed a handful of paper towels before hurrying back to the classroom. 

Mr. Harris had already moved the tests off the desk. He helped her mop up the water. As she wiped the table dry, she realized water has also gotten all over Mr. Harris. 

She immediately kneeled beside his chair and began trying to dry his pants with a paper towel. 

Mr. Harris reached out his hand to stop her, but then she wiped the towel over his crotch and he let out a light moan instead. 

Desperately trying to get the water out, she wiped harder over his crotch. As she did, she felt a movement. She jumped back. "I'm so sorry," she stuttered. "I didn't mean to cause... I mean, I didn't know that ..." She looked up at him embarrassed.

"Don't be scared," he said despite the fear he felt himself. He grabbed her hand and pulled her closer. "My pants are still wet you know," he said with more bravery than he felt. 

Her eyes lit up and she slowly brought her hand back to his legs. She took a paper towel and began to rub at his crotch again. This time she looked at him in the eyes as she did it. 

She started out slowly, rubbing in circles one ways and then the other. His cock reacted immediately, pushing at the zipper of his pants, yearning to get out. She didn't shy away from it, pushing slightly harder, now openly staring at her work. 

Mr. Harris watched her as she worked. Her mouth was slightly open and her eyes seemed eager. "I've thought about this a lot," he said with a groan. She threw the paper towel away and ran her hands over his inner thighs and then up again. Down then up. Down then up. 

"So what happens next?" she asked. He pushed back his chair a little and led her so she was between his legs, her back touching his desk. He silently began unbuckling his belt. He pulled down his zipper and then stood up in front of Desiree. He pushed his pants down to his ankles. 

His crotch was directly in front of Desiree. The door wasn't locked, but at this moment he didn't care. The thought that anyone could walk in made the situation even hotter. 

Desiree trembled slightly as Mr. Harris stood up. She had imagined how this would happen, but she didn't think it ever would. She could see his cock growing underneath his black boxer briefs. She couldn't stop staring. Her panties were getting wetter by the second, her body was willing her to keep going. She slowly pulled down his boxer briefs. His cock stood straight, finally out of it's cage. 

She grabbed it with her right hand and rubbed her thumb over the tip. Mr. Harris shivered with pleasure. She brought her hand up and down his cock, slowly at first, giving a little twist every time her hand got to the top. She gave his tip a long lick before taking him in her mouth. 

He looked down on her as her mouth moved up and down his cock. Her shirt was low cut, so he could see her breasts trying to bust out. Her nipples were so hard he could see them through her shirt. 

She took his cock out of her mouth and leaned back. As she was taking off her shirt, he began masturbating over her. She grabbed her breasts and began massaging them. She took his hard cock and rubbed it between her breasts. 

Knock knock

Mr. Harris was jolted back to reality. He pulled up his pants and sat down, pushing Desiree under the desk just as the door opened. It was the principal. "Oh, Mr. Daniel, I forgot we were meeting today," said Mr. Harris in a strained voice. Mr. Daniel didn't seem to notice anything. 

Desiree could hear Mr. Daniel sit down and continue talking even as Mr. Harris tried to interrupt him to get him to leave. She was squashed under the desk, trying to breathe as quietly as possible. Her head was pushed against the top of the desk. 

From her point of view, she could still see Mr. Harris's throbbing cock. Though he pulled up his pants, he didn't have time to zip or belt them. "I might as well have some fun," she thought. 

Desiree slowly moved some fabric aside until his cock was free. She had never felt this deviant before. She was going to make Mr. Harris feel as much pleasure as possible. 

She flicked her tongue over the tip, moving her hands up and down his shaft. She squeezed him hard and then put him fully in her mouth. 

"Shouldn't you be going? Don't you have that important ... thing?" asked Mr. Harris, trying to keep a straight face. 

"Oh yes, the head staff meeting. You're right, you're right. I'll see you later." Mr Daniel said as he left. 

As soon as the door shut behind him, Mr. Harris followed, holding his pants up, and locked the door. "Well, aren't you the slutty little schoolgirl?" he said, turning to look as Desiree. She licked some pre-cum off her face. 

"Now it's my turn," she said, standing up.

She sat on his desk and pulled down her panties. They were soaked. She spread her legs and he saw her lips were dark red. "I want you inside of me right now."

Mr. Harris stepped out of his pants and underwear. He began unbuttoning his shirt as he walked over to her. He put his hands on her knees and pushed her legs open wider. He slowly pushed his cock inside of her. As he did, she leaned back on the desk on top of all of the homework he was grading. She closed her eyes and let out a low moan. He rocked back and forth each time getting deeper inside. 

"I want you to treat me like a slut," she said with a mischievous grin. 

"I can do that," he said. He leaned over her and grabbed her hair. "Turn over you slut. You think you can seduce a teacher and get away with it." He stepped back and she got off the desk. 

"Bend over the desk." She began to move. 

"Faster," he snapped.

She leaned over the desk, her butt sticking up in the air. He pushed up her skirt. A sharp sound rang out as he spanked her. Once. Twice. Three times. Each time he heard her gasp. Each time his fingers brushed between her legs, feeling her getting wetter. He spread her butt cheeks roughly and put his cock in her wet cunt. He moved in and out as quickly as he could, feeling ecstasy fill his body. 

Desiree's breasts were pushed on the cold desk. Mr. Harris's hand was on her back, holding her down. She could feel her juices dripping down her legs. He was going fast and she could feel her orgasm coming. 

She grabbed the top of the desk and screamed out as she began convulsing with pleasure. The more he pounded her, the more she writhed, until she finally fell into a tired heap on the desk.

"Turn over and get on your knees, you slut," Mr. Harris said. She followed his instructions. She loved seeing this naughty side of him. "Open your mouth," he demanded.

She obediently opened her mouth. He began expertly pleasuring himself over her. She watched his face get tense. She knew what was coming soon. She put his cock in her mouth until she could feel it touch the back of her throat. She felt a warm liquid slide down her throat.

Mr. Harris fell into chair exhausted. "You know I don't think you're really a slut," he said, as they began to pull on clothing. 

"I know," she said. 

"But that doesn't mean I don't want to do this again," he added quickly. 

"I know," she said. She looked at her soaked panties. Too wet to be any use. She threw them at Mr. Harris before turning and exiting the classroom.