 Have you ever been so utterly embarrassed that your whole world seemed to come crashing down all around you? Your face gets flush, your skin burns, and your blood rushes silently inside. You want to crawl inside a hole and huddle like a child until the moment passes and pretend it never happened. I have been embarrassed numerous times in my life but one time sticks out in my mind like a sore thumb.

It was my freshman year in college. I was rooming in a dorm with Michelle, a friend from high school. Michelle and I were both invited to a crush party by another friend of ours from high school named Brandy. Brandy was a few years older, and had joined a sorority the year before. Michelle decided not to go because she had an important paper that she had waited until the last minute to finish. She told me to go ahead and that she could use the time alone to concentrate on finishing her paper. So off I went to the crush party, which was one of my first social outings since going off to college. 

I got to the party at about the right time. There were a lot of people arriving at the same time I did, and before too long I was mixing and mingling with Brandy and some of her friends. I had a few drinks and was starting to feel comfortable with the crowd of people, most of whom I did not know. 

There was a group of frat guys hanging around us talking and having a good time. I immediately noticed a quite handsome guy among them who didn't seem too awfully interested in any of the other girls. He was tall, slender and had piercing blue eyes. He had a nice build, wide shoulders and narrow hips. His hair was dark blond, had a hint of natural looking highlighted streaks, and was sticking up and styled to perfection with dry wax. His jaw was chiseled and covered with short stubble from a day without a shave. He looked like a pretty boy right off the beach in Malibu to be quite honest, the kind of guy that most girls fantasize about but few ever enjoy.

Before too long the crowd had dissipated and there were only a few people left around. That is when he approached me and my heart jumped as spoke.

"Hello," he said, in a soft polite voice.

"Hi," I responded.

"I'm Zack," he said.

"Hello Zack," I answered.

We chatted for a while in an awkward conversation about college, where we were from, who we knew, and what we were planning to study. Before too long the conversation went stale and we both realized that our initial introduction had passed and there was not much left to talk about. 

Zack offered to get me a drink and left for a short while. While he was gone I noticed that the party had thinned out. I scanned the room for Brandy and I did not see her anywhere. After a few minutes Zack returned with a couple of drinks and asked if I would like to go outside to the patio. I agreed and off we went.

The patio was empty. There was hardly a soul around and the night air was warm. We leaned against the rail sipping our drinks and our conversation had eased a bit. He told me about a few ex-girlfriends and I told him about my ex-boyfriend from high school. My disposition had moved from tipsy to drunk and I felt suddenly that any inhibition I had earlier in the night was slipping away with each passing moment. We laughed and giggled as our words and gestures became more flirtatious. I swirled with excitement from the alcohol and this new hot boy whose attention was directed toward me and only me. I wanted him to kiss me.

We were standing close to one another, still holding our drinks, when he moved in. He sat his drink on the ledge, and leaned in toward me like a sly gentleman. As our mouths touched, our tongues were instantly were intertwined. He kissed me hard, and deep, and long, pulling me close to him. My body quivered in his arms. I felt his body press against mine and I turned my head in desire. He nibbled my neck and ear and I noticed a few people nearby were watching us. I felt we were putting on a show, so I gently pushed his chest back to stop him and playfully rolled my eyes at the few spectators who looked on with amusement. Just then he said.

"You are so beautiful, can I kiss you again," He asked.

"Do you think we could go somewhere a little more private," I answered him.

I wanted him all to myself. I was not sure if I was ready to have sex with him, but I wanted him alone to get more of what I had just tasted.

After a few minutes we decided that my dorm room was a no-go because Michelle was there, and was most likely asleep at this hour. He explained that we could go to his room at his fraternity house to hang out for a while, have another drink, and maybe watch some TV. I hesitated and told him I was not sure. He assured me I would enjoy myself, looked at me with a sweet smile, and told me to follow him. I did as I was told.

We left the party and walked slowly down the street toward his fraternity house which was a few blocks away. He held my hand and I thought to myself about the possibilities of what was about to happen.

"Maybe I will just stay for a while, have a drink, and then I'll go." I thought to myself.

I was really hot for this guy, but did not think that I was ready to fuck a total stranger. Nevertheless, we pressed on. With each step my excitement grew and butterflies swirled in my stomach with the naughtiness that I felt. 

As we approached the house there was a group of frat boys hanging on the front porch. Each chilled back, relaxing with a beer in hand. Zack called out to them as we approached the door, 

"Wa'sup guys". 

They nodded back as if to congratulate him as we walked to the front door. I still did not have any plans on screwing this guy. I thought we'd talk a while, make out a little, and then call it a night. 

We headed up stairs and as we walked down the hall we passed one of Zack's fraternity brothers who looked me dead in the eye and grinned menacingly as if he knew what I was in for. I quickly looked away with slight embarrassment as Zack lead me further down the hall.

Zack had a small room with a bed, a desk and a small sofa squeezed into the tiny space. The sofa was positioned in front of a small TV. He had a bookshelf with several bottles of liquor on top and he asked if I would like another drink. I declined as I had already had about four or five drinks and I was still a pretty drunk. I asked him if I could take off my shoes and he agreed. My feet were killing me from the walk to his place from the party in stiletto heels. 

He sat on the sofa and spread his arm out across the top and asked if I would like to sit down. I nestled down next to him and he flipped on the TV. We sat there for only a few seconds before he made his move. He leaned in and I turned toward him devouring his full wet lips. As our mouths touch we were connected as one. It was obvious what he planned to do with me and I hadn't made up my mind if I was going to go through with it. Looking back now I do not know if it would have been possible for me to resist his advance. I was wet with desire.

He was kissing me very hard and wet, his tongue fully entered my mouth and he gently pushed me backwards against the sofa. I threw my head back in ecstasy and he moved to my neck and chest. I felt his hand gently on the inside of my knee. He worked his way up and stroked my thigh, as he continued to kiss me passionately. I thought to myself, 

"If you are not going to sleep with this guy, now is the time to stop." 

But I couldn't, I slowly opened my leg to allow him more room to maneuver up my leg.

He stopped the kiss and pulled away and I opened my legs wider inviting him to take me. He started nibbling at my ear as made his way up my leg. I could feel his hard-on pressing against my leg as I clutched his shoulder in pleasure. My pussy was wet before he ever touched it. He could feel my wetness as he rubbed it through my panties. The silk crotch was soaked when he finally slid them to the side for access. His touch set off a flood as he parted my lips. He rubbed my pussy and swollen clit steadily before slipping a finger inside my wet hole. 

With his finger inside I felt a release of pleasure that had been building since he kissed me on the balcony earlier in the night. My cunt was slippery as he plowed his fingers deep inside me. I was getting wetter with each stroke. I was ready for his cock. I wanted to see it, touch, it, taste it, and feel it. He pulled his fingers out of my pussy as if he knew. I leaned over and undid his pants and repositioned myself on the floor between his knees. 

As I slid his pants down his cock sprang up in the air and bounced back rock hard. It was long, smooth and thick. The head was reddish purple and was full, ready for my attention. I took him in my mouth grasping the sides of his legs as I worked up and down his shaft. I felt his cock twitch with pleasure as I looked him in the eyes as I slid my mouth up and down his shaft. I felt as if he was about to cum so I pulled back, wanting to feel his cock inside of me before he shot his load. 

He stood me up in front of him and pulled my panties to the floor. I slid out of my little black dress and he stood to remove his shirt and step out of his pants. We turned and fell onto the bed. The springs squeaked with the weight of out bodies. He was upon me in an instant, my legs spread as he positioned himself to enter me. He slid into me with ease thrusting himself deep into the full length of my vagina. I came instantly and my pussy ran wet with juice as it engulfed his smooth shaft. He left his cock deep inside me and whispered sweet words that I cannot recall. I do remember him asking, if I was on the pill. To which I answered, yes. And with that he lifted my legs and increased his pace, giving me a handful of power of trusts before I felt his cock twitch inside me. I knew that he had come.

He fell off to the side of me and I laid there satisfied with his wonderful yet brief performance, my pussy was slick with my juices and his cum. I turned to my side with my back to him and he nestled in behind me reaching around and resting his hand on my breast. We both drifted off to sleep.

Now I was no virgin at the time. I had sex with two other boys from high school but this was by far the best sex I had ever had, however brief it was. Zack's gorgeous bod and the excitement of having sex with a stranger pushed me right over the edge of ecstasy.

An amount of time passed that I am not sure of, and I awoke to his hands rubbing up and down my sides. Still behind me he found my slit still wet with our juices. I knew at that moment we were going to fuck again. What I did not know was that I was about to get the fuck of my life.

It was not long before he was above me again, on his knees his cock straight up in the air. I was still on my side and he took control of my body pushing one leg forward to expose my pussy. He entered me while I still lay on my side and he slid in slow just as before long and deep. With that he smacked my ass hard and my body shivered with the quick sweet pain. He went to work fucking me hard on the side before swinging my leg around until we were in a missionary position. I raised my legs and hips to receive him as he trusted fast and hard. The headboard of his bed knocked against the wall, the bed springs squeaked with each thrust and I moaned with pleasure. 

I could not help myself; I let out one loud moan after another as he pounded my pussy harder than it had ever been pounded before. At one point I heard knocks at his door and a few of his brothers cheered with excitement, "Whohooo!!!" Their knocks in rhythm with the springs, headboard and my moans as if to mock the noise we were making. For a moment I got embarrassed knowing that these guys knew what I was doing and were partaking vicariously in our lovemaking. Soon these feeling turned to excitement as Zack plowed me like a slut I continued to quiver in pleasure beneath him.

This guy was a complete animal. He continued to fuck me every which away he could, over and over again, for hours and hours. We fell asleep two other times only to wake and fuck again. I heard his frat brothers in other rooms and in the hallway laughing and partying into the night occasionally hanging around Zack's door to hear what was going on.

We finally fell asleep for good about 4:00 am. I woke up about 10:00 am and looked over at Zack who was sleeping like a rock. Not wanting to deal with an awkward goodbye I decided I would try to slip out while he slept. As I stood up my head throbbed with pain. I felt dehydrated and my body was sore from being bent and twisted like a rag doll for most of the night. I got dressed quickly and looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was messed up and my lipstick was faded off and my eyeliner smudged. 

I dreaded having to walk out of Zack's room. I pictured a house full of frat boys grinning at me as I darted past them to find the door. I figured it was as good a time as any to make my exit and the sooner the better as the house would be swarming in no time. I left Zack's room and was pleasantly surprised to find that I did not pass anyone on my way out other than a few passed out guys in the living room as I headed toward the door. Now I just hoped I could make it back to my dorm without too much embarrassment. 

As I headed across campus from the frat house, I was relieved to find that there were not too many people out. Only a few cars passed by, and did not seem to pay much attention to a girl walking down the street in stilettos at 10:00 in the morning. 

I approached the dorms and went up the stairs and to my room without encountering anyone at all. I was so glad to be back and wanted nothing more than to go into my room, wash off my makeup, change into a tee-shirt, and crash.

Now for the embarrassing part. When I opened the door to my dorm room I was shocked to see my roommate Michelle's parents and younger sister who had come up for a visit. They all knew me because Michelle and I had been friends for several years. The room went silent as I stumbled in the room and tried to look happy to see them while hiding my obvious embarrassment and hung over condition. They asked me where I had been just to break the silence, and I made up a bogus story about spending the night at a girlfriend's house because it was too late to come home. I could feel my cheeks were flush red and I felt terrible as her parents looked me over with suspicion. Michelle's sister, only 13 years old, kept asking all these naive questions about how I was dressed and why didn't I at least change my shoes. Her parents both looked at me, and then to each other, as if to say that they both knew that I had been thoroughly laid for most of the night. Which it turns out was the case.