 This is based off a true story of a time with my boyfriend but contains some elements of fiction.

*

I pulled up in front of his house like usual. We had been dating for about 2 months, but seemed to click perfectly. As I walked up to the door, he pulled it open and welcomed me with a passionate kiss. Our tongues danced around each other. It felt amazing to have his arms wrapped around my waist pulling me in closer. Finally, we broke apart from each other long enough.

"Wow. Hi." I said with a smile, as I gained control over myself from the power he just had over me.

"Hi. I've missed you." I stared into his green eyes as they sparkled back at mine. He wasn't too much taller than me. It made it perfect whenever I just wanted to stand there and melt in the sight of his smile.

He walked me over to the couch where we continued our kissing with a little conversation between breaks.

We began to watch a movie, but I was having trouble concentrating on it. We were laying down on the couch together with him snuggled up behind me. His hand kept wondering all over my flat stomach as he began to lightly kiss on my neck. I began to feel my arousal increase as he explored more of my body. He found his way under my shirt and headed up towards my breasts. He started to bite harder onto my neck as I felt his hand pinching my nipples in his fingers. I wanted so badly to feel him deep inside of me. Slowly working every inch of his manhood up into my pussy.

He let go of my nipple as I rolled over onto my back. Our lips met again. Mine parted for his tongue to make it's way into my mouth and find my tongue. His hand sank deeper towards my pants. He unbuttoned the top button and slowly unzipped my jeans. I was getting so turned on by his slow motions. I began to rock my hips up towards him signaling how badly I needed to feel his touch.

He worked his hands inside my pants and placed it right at the top of my freshly shaven pussy lips. He rubbed along the outline of my thong with his fingertips.

"I need you so bad now." I whined as he kept inching slowly towards the awaiting goal.

"I know. But I want you to enjoy this. Every minute of it. I want you to get all the attention you deserve, and I want to make love to you."

I stared at him for a second, capturing the moment in my mind. We had known each other for close to a year now, but didn't start dating until just 2 months earlier. I knew I was falling for him the first time we had been together. It was so different from anything I had ever felt before. For once, I had enjoyed sex for more than just the general goal of cumming.

He looked into my eyes with so much compassion as "I love you" escaped through his lips. We had said it to each other before, but it felt so different. So rejuvenating. I couldn't help but fall victim to his every touch. He push my shirt up and releasing my B-cup breasts from their captivity within the confounds of my bra. I completely removed my shirt as he lowered his lips to my right nipple. Playing and biting on it with his teeth. He massaged my left breast with his hand while he positioned himself between my legs. He rocked his hips, pressing his hardening cock against my covered pussy. I began to feel the wetness he was causing as my vagina became hotter with each growing minute.

"I need you. Please. I have to feel you inside of me." I was begging him now.

He broke away from my nipples as he said "Give it time. It will happen." He began to kiss down my stomach until he got to my tattoo. It was a butterfly on my inside left hip. He kissed it lightly while pulling my pants down. He placed gentle kisses down my legs and back up the other. He could smell my arousal the closer he came to my womanhood. I had become so turned on there was nothing more I could do than sit back and enjoy the remainder of teasing he had in store for me. I still had on my little blue thong, but it was becoming soaked by how much he was turning me on.

"Do you want me to eat your pussy?"

"Yes, please." I said as I pushed my hips up towards his face.

"I want to hear you say it."

"Please eat my pussy. I need to feel your tongue inside of me. I want you to taste my sweet cum. Please."

His tongue was soft against my lips as he pulled open my pussy with his fingers. The feeling of his lips surrounding my clit made me start moaning a little louder. He dove two fingers deep into my vagina as I closed my eyes and let my head drop back further. 

"Mmmm. I love when you finger fuck me like that. Please don't stop."

I was egging him to go fast as I moved my hips to meet his fingers with every thrust back into me. I felt myself getting wetter. As I got louder he slid a third finger into my wet pussy.

"What do you want?" He urged for me to tell him what to do. He loved when I got exactly what I wanted.

"Just that. Keep licking my pussy. I'm so close to cumming. Ohh. Yes. Mmm."

I kept biting my lip as I approached my first orgasm. A series of orgasms started as I came all over his fingers. He brought them up to my lips. I took his fingers into my mouth and sucked them clean while looking deep into his eyes the whole time. He kissed me, tasting my own cum on my tongue.

"Lets go to the room now." He said as he helped me to my feet.

I stood completely naked in front of him even though he was still dressed. I went to walk towards to bedroom door, but noticed him not moving. I looked back with a questioning expression.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing. You are just so amazingly gorgeous. That's all." He said as he walked closer to me and embraced me in his arms once again. We walked to the bed still wrapped up with each other, never wanting our lips to part.

Once the back of my knees felt the bed, I sank down onto it. He removed his shirt, then climbed back on top of me. The fan above us was on, but I was still burning up from our body heat. I guided my hands down his side and around to the crotch of his pants. I rubbed his cock, feeling it twitch and harden more upon my touch. I unsnapped the button and repeated the slow unzipping he preformed on me in the living room. I pushed both his pants and boxers down, freeing his fully erect cock from the bans of fabric. He had the widest penis of any of the men I had been with. I could not even fit my fingers all the way around.

I grabbed his dick in my hands and began to massage it just how he liked it. I reached a little further down and fumbled with his balls. He moaned into my mouth as I began to pick up the tempo of my rhythm. I know how much he loves when I get him off with my hands, but he wouldn't let me.

"I won't be able to make it much longer if you keep that up."

He grabbed my hands and pulled them above my head. Holding them in one hand, he helped guide his dick to my opening. He pushed just the tip of his head in before pulling back out. As he pushed in a second time, he took a nipple into his mouth and bite down gently. I wanted to cum again almost instantly. He released my tit, pushing inch after inch of his large dick into me. We fit so perfectly together. The size of his cock filled my pussy up.

When he pushed all the way in I shuddered. It felt so amazing. "Ohh. I love you cock so much."

"Good." He said as he pulled all the way back in. "Cause it's been wanting to do this for so long." He slammed all the way back into me hard, hitting the back of my pussy. I let out a moan. He did it again, pulling all the way out and slamming hard into the wet snatch.

"Please. Fuck me harder. I need to feel it." I was pushing my pelvis up to meet him every time he reentered me.

"Not yet. Give it time." He continued to fully thrusts into me, sending a sensation throughout my entire body every time. After a few minutes of the continuous pace, he began to go faster.

"Yes! Oh yes! I love you so much." He paused for a moment to look at me. He leaned down and kissed me like he had at the door. As we continued the kiss, he started going faster. He sat up slightly, lifting my legs to his shoulder, holding my buttock up with his hands. This angle gave him access to fuck me deeper. His cock was growing larger inside of me. I knew it was large, but it felt much bigger than usual.

"I'm-Going-To-Cum-Uhhh." I was barely able to get it out when my walls tightened around his cock holding him captive. I started to come hard as I arched my back and my body tensed up. He kept trying to thrust into me throughout my orgasm the best he could.

I regained composure and stopped him from reaching his peak. "I want to be on top when you cum."

He smiled and rolled over. He loved when I rode him. I finally began to like it more thanks to his insistence on me trying it more often. I got up and positioned myself right above his cock that stood by itself. I slide down onto the best dick I ever had in my pussy. It was covered with my cum making it easier to enter me.

I raised myself up and fell back on top of his hips, similar to the way he was plowing into my pussy as he was on top. Every time I took him back into my wetness, I grinded my hips against him before pulling up. I had a pattern going when I felt myself approaching another orgasm.

He could tell by my eyes how much I was being affected by riding him. "You want to cum again don't you?" He grabbed my ass and held me up. He started to plunge into me as fast as he could. I loved feeling him overpower me. It sent me over the edge.

He was groaning louder with every few thrusts. As he neared his own climax, I leaned down towards his ear. "Cum deep inside my pussy. I want to feel your hot load dripping out of me."

The thought of him cumming inside my pussy made me start to cum again. Just as my orgasm began I screamed out in pleasure only to be matched by him pulling my hips down on his dick as he shot load after load into me. Our juices mixed and seeped out of my opening as I collapsed next to him.

I rolled my head to the side to see him staring at me once again smiling. He said, "I love you so much more than you can imagine. Thank you for everything." With that he kissed me and cuddled up next to me. We feel asleep only to wake a few more hours and repeat the scenario again. Never had I cum so much in one day. Well, that was up until that day. We made a few more records after that, but those are different story.