 What an amazing woman Crystal was. I had just performed heroically in the bedroom yet this beautiful siren wasn't anywhere near finished with me. Once in the shower her soft and gentle hands were massaging my cock back to hardness whilst I kissed her long and hard igniting our flames of passion again. 

My lips pressed against her mouth, opening her lips apart allowing my tongue to delve into her mouth, seeking out her tongue as liquid fire fled down to my loins. Our tongues danced with each other as our kisses drove me wild with desire. The hot water cascaded down over our bodies making Crystals body even softer and warmer to touch. 

My hands were everywhere, sliding down her wonderful tanned back before gently caressing her buttocks. I slid a finger between her firm cheeks toying with her little arsehole for a second before my hands continued their exploration of her body. Crystals hands were returning the favour, stroking my chest and stomach, moving lower to gently brush my now erect again penis before moving round to grasp my buttocks and pull me to her so that my hard cock was pressing into her stomach.

"Now for a little treat!" Crystal said, as she positioned me under the torrents of water and slowly lowered herself to her knees. With that she began planting little kisses on my manhood whilst stroking my balls causing my cock to swell even further. The sensation of Crystal's kisses mixed with her gentle touch and the showers warmth had me groaning with desire.

"Oh yes Crystal, take me in your mouth. I want to watch you suck my cock."

"Your wish is my command!" she replied as she looked up at me.

Now there is nothing I find sexier than when a woman watches your face as she sucks your cock and seeing Crystals beautiful eyes watching the ecstasy she was causing me was truly erotic.

Crystal opened her mouth and began running her tongue up and down the length of my cock, licking my balls and swirling her tongue around the head of my penis causing the blood to rush there, swelling my cock head larger than ever before. Then she took the head of my cock in her mouth and began a gentle sucking whilst still rolling her tongue all around my head. Crystal's hands had now reached round behind me and were stroking my butt again with her fingers probing further between my cheeks until they began playing with my arsehole. Very gently now Crystal began pushing against my resistance which caused me to push my cock further into her mouth. Her head was now slowly rocking backwards and forwards, gently drawing my cock in and out of her mouth. The shower adding to the massaging sensation and the sight of such a beautiful horny woman with my cock in her mouth was mind blowing.

The showers rain was cascading down over Crystals body, her long blonde hair clung to her wet body as she sucked hungrily at my manhood. 

"Yes Crystal yes, suck it! My god you are amazing, don't stop I beg you."

She didn't! In fact she began more forcefully sucking my cock and pushed her finger against my arse a little harder so that the tip of her finger was now inside my hole. I couldn't help but sigh with desire and pushed my cock further inside her mouth. I could just feel the back of her mouth caressing the end of my swollen phallus as her finger toyed with my arse. 

I couldn't believe how horny I was feeling by now and just couldn't resist watching my cock disappear into Crystal's mouth. I knew that if this carried on I would not be able to last much longer. 

"Oh Crystal if you carry on I will cum very soon!" I said.

Crystal then paused what she was doing and replied, "That's what I want... that is your little treat!" and with that she continued devouring my cock. She then pushed her finger a little further into my butt causing me to again force my cock further into her mouth. Only this time there was nowhere for my cock to go except down her throat. This nearly caused my cock to explode but with a superhuman effort I delayed the moment to further enjoy the most amazing feeling ever. 

I couldn't believe it. Crystal had now taken my entire length in her mouth and throat and began hungrily deep throating my cock, sucking my length deep into her, milking my penis whilst still probing my anus. Well no more than a couple of minutes of this and I couldn't hold out any longer. I just had to cum; the desire just overcame my body and sent me into orbit.

"Oh fuck Crystal I'm gonna cum. I Cant help it! Your throat sucking my cock is gonna make me cum!"

I expected her to then release me from her mouth to watch my cock erupt... but no! Crystal pulled her finger out of my butt and grasped my butt cheeks and pulled me to her, trapping the head of my cock down her throat. She was going to swallow my cum! Oh hell yeah!!

I looked down at that moment and saw that Crystal was watching me as I was about to cum and the look of hunger in her eyes sent me over the edge. 

"Oh fuck yes I am cumming now baby, deep in your throat, oh yes baby your wonderful throat."

With that I felt cum flooding out of my cock deep down Crystals throat which she hungrily began swallowing before she pulled back a little and took the last of my cum into her mouth and not her throat. With my cum still in her mouth she then looked up at me and licked her lips, covering them with my cum before swallowing the remainder of my seed.

"Mmmmmm, that was amazing Stuart. You came so much I wasn't sure I could swallow it all!"

"No Crystal you were amazing, no one has ever done that for me before."

"I wanted to. I love it when a man cannot help it but to cum too quickly because of me! It makes me feel special."

"You are special! Absolutely out of this world. I want to please you however you want me to."

"Then eat my pussy for me 'til your dick gets hard again!" Crystal ordered.

Like a shot I was on my knees underneath the hot shower with Crystals wet pussy just begging to be licked and tasted. Crystal grasped the back of my head and pulled me towards her pussy grinding her slit on my face. 

My tongue seeked out the core of her passion and slid between her tight little pussy lips and began tasting her sweet nectar. My tongue toyed with her hole exploring her forbidden fruit, plunging into her body, devouring her sex. I then slid my tongue up to her hooded clitoris and began gently teasing her clit. The second my tongue stimulated her clit Crystal began moaning aloud as waves of pleasure surged through her body. She pushed her slit forward eagerly; desperate for the pleasure my tongue was causing her. I began tonguing her clit a little harder as Crystal bucked against me, tickling her sex with the tip of my tongue, gently sucking her love bud, almost causing her legs to give way as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her pussy.

"Oh fuck Stuart that feels so good! Yeah tongue that clit, suck it, yeah. Oh fuck shove your tongue up my pussy and eat my cum, oh yeah baby!"

The excitement of hearing Crystal talking dirty drove me wild as I devoured her slit, desperate to make her cum on my face. I then alternated between teasing her clit and sliding my tongue inside her pussy, urged on by Crystals gasping and panting and moaning. It was no surprise that by now my cock was once again standing proud and I felt ready to fuck for England but I resisted the urge to fuck her hard and fast in favour of receiving a face full off her sweet cum.

"Oh god yes Stuart, dont stop, I'm so close, I'm gonna cum all over your face! Oh lord yes, suck my clit you horny bastard, you make me so horny."

Crystal now held my head in her hands and was fucking my mouth and rubbing her pussy against my mouth and chin... literally fucking my face! 

I was in absolute heaven now, the most erotic and beautiful woman I had ever met was going to cum all over my face and I couldn't wait.

Then it happened. I felt Crystal tense with my tongue circling her clit. Her breathing became shallow and rapid as she held my head in place with my tongue eagerly lapping at her gorgeous pussy hole. Crystals gasps were replaced with screams of pleasure as her powerful orgasm flooded her nerve endings and her cum flowed from her hole covering my mouth and chin. 

I immediately and desperately began lapping at her hole, determined to drink as much of her love juice as possible. Crystals cum tasted so sweet that I wanted to stay where I was forever... on my knees drinking sweet cum from a beautiful womans horny little pussy.

"Oh my god! YES! Stuart, eat me and swallow my cum!" Crystal groaned as her orgasm slowly subsided, leaving her flushed all over.

As she recovered and pulled me to my feet her hands drifted towards my loins and Crystal gently massaged my cock and balls, feeling the blood pulsing through my cock.

"Hmmm, I see you are hard again! I'm impressed!" Crystal teased.

"I can't help it! You just drive me crazy and he just keeps springing to attention!" I joked back.

"Well it would be a shame to waste it," Crystal remarked, "Wank for me! I want to watch you play with yourself."

"It would be my pleasure... maybe you should do the same, I want to see you toy with your pussy, maybe I can pick up some helpful hints!" I said.

"I'm sure you don't need any tips from me but sure I'll do it for you."

With that I began softly stroking myself along the length of my cock and balls, the bright purple head of my cock swelling with excitement at my touch. The water from the shower was pelting down onto the head, the pressure making my sensitive cock twitch in my hand. I began to wank in earnest now moving my hand along the entire length of my cock whilst tickling my balls with my other hands.

Whilst I was doing this Crystal had got out of the shower and laid down on a towel, Her nipples had hardened with the relative cold after being in the hot shower. I immediately wanted to take them in my mouth but wanted more to see Crystal pleasure herself so I stopped myself from joining her.

Crystal was watching me wanking as she began to touch herself. She began by stroking her gorgeous tits and tweaking her rock hard nipples, turning me on even more. At the same time her other hand delved between her thighs to her hot sex and began delicately stroking her horny pussy. She ran two of her fingers down either side of her wet hole, massaging her pussy petals, gradually opening them apart so that I could see her beautiful pink flower. 

"Crystal! I have never seen anything as erotic as you playing with your pussy," I told her.

"I know what you mean. Watching you play with yourself is making my pussy so wet I almost cant wait to have your big hard cock inside me again."

With that Crystal slid her middle finger inside her pussy whilst holding her pussy lips apart with her other hand and began slowly fucking herself with her delicate fingers. This was too much for me to handle and I had to slow down my wanking otherwise I would have cum again and that would have ruined the moment.

Crystal then began stroking her clitoris softly, rolling her fingertip across her swollen hood whilst fingering her little slit. Her eyes were staring at my swollen cock as I carried on stroking my cock back and forth. I could hardly contain myself as Crystal then slid a second finger inside her hot little pussy and quickened the pace as her fingers delved inside her amazing, tight pussy. 

"Stuart, come and join me. I want you closer so that I can watch your cock explode. Kneel next to me whilst I finger my pussy."

I turned off the shower and stepped out. The change in temperature caused my own nipples to harden instantly as I knelt beside her, my cock only inches away from her eyes. 

"That's better! Now I can watch you pleasure yourself properly!"

I couldn't tear my eyes away from her body and kept staring at her wonderful pert tits with those gorgeous hard brown nipples, at her beautiful slim belly, all along her long and tanned legs until finally resting on her sexy and horny blonde thatch being devoured by her own hands. 

"My god Stuart, your cock looks so big, I'm surprised my tight pussy could take it!"

"Your pussy is so nice and tight I'm sure most cocks would feel big inside you!"

It was almost as if my compliment drove her on to prove me wrong as Crystal managed to slide a third finger inside her sopping wet pussy. I could see them glistening with her own pussy oils as she pulled them out of herself before plunging them deep into her hot sex. This amazing and horny site spurred me on and I began wanking my cock furiously mere centimetres from her face as Crystal stared at the head of my cock and the pre-cum dripping from it. Instinctively she opened her mouth as if to catch the leaking drips.

"Crystal I am going to cum again if we carry on" I groaned.

"Yes darling so am I. That is what I want... for us to cum together, watching each other."

"But where should I cum?" I asked.

"Wherever you want to!" Crystal replied, as she began fingering herself faster and faster, eager to cum at the same moment that I did. 

It didn't take much encouragement for me to feel myself building up to my own climax and the fact that I had free reign over where to cum meant that I was more excited than ever. 

"Oh my god Crystal I'm gonna cum soon. I'm gonna shoot my cum."

"Yeah baby do it! I'm gonna cum too... all over my fingers. Tell me where your gonna cum!" She demanded.

"I want to cum over your face and tits. I want to cover you with my sticky seed."

"Yeah, cum on my face Stuart. Shower me with your hot spunk"

At that moment I knew there was no going back as I felt my cum begin to surge up the length of my cock.

"Oh yes, I'm cumming Crystal. I'm cumming now!"

"Yes! Cum on my face and tits! I'm cumming as well, all over my fingers ready for you to clean!"

My cum flooded out of my cock as I pumped my length. Hot seed sprayed all over Crystal's face as she opened her mouth to catch a few drops. I then moved so that a few drops landed on her beautiful tits, glistening in the lights. It was then that Crystal bucked her hips off of the floor as she forced her fingers as far up her own pussy as they would go. Her pussy juices erupted over her fingers as Crystal came heavily.

"Oh shit! Oh fuck! Yes! Yes! Uuuuggnnn fuck yeah. Oh my god," She panted as wave after wave of pleasure flowed through her body.

"Crystal, your face looks even more beautiful when you cum!" I exclaimed.

"What even with your cum all over it?" She asked, grinning.

"Especially then!" 

Crystal just laughed as she lay there rubbing my cum all over her tits and nipples, making them glisten before she began rubbing my seed from her face into her mouth.

"Waste not, want not!" she said cheekily.

After regaining our composure a little we both got back in the shower to clean up when Crystal informed me that she still wasn't finished with me and that she had one more surprise in store for me if I could handle it. 

"I'll try my best!" I assured her.

With that Crystal led me back into the bedroom and lay me down on the bed and told me to close my eyes. I did as I was told and lay there as she fumbled around in one of the drawers.

I lay there wondering what the hell was going to happen next when I felt my hands lofted above my heads. I then felt my wrists being tied to the bed with what I later found out were silk scarves. My heart felt like it was going to burst as I nervously opened my eyes, unable to stand it any longer.

"There," Crystal said, "Now you cant go anywhere and are at my mercy!"

All I could do was lay there with my imagination going into overdrive. What was this amazing woman going to do next?

I watched as Crystal walked over to the fridge and removed an ice tray and began sucking on an ice cube. At the same time she took a second ice cube and began rubbing it over my body, paying particular attention to my nipples... it was freezing but there was nothing I could do. After a while the ice cube had melted on my chest and the one she had had in her mouth was gone. It was then that Crystal lowered her head and with her now cold mouth took my limp cock in her mouth, whilst at the same time using her tongue to stimulate my balls. It felt so good I thought I must be dreaming but the speed at which my cock grew confirmed that I was wide awake!

Crystal kept sucking my cock until I was once again supporting a raging hard on and then spun around and straddled my face. Whilst she carried on fellating my hard cock she lowered her wet pussy onto my face.

"Eat my pussy while I suck your cock, Stuart." She ordered.

I didn't need telling twice and began lapping at her sweetness, desperate to taste her pussy juices. I was getting so horny again being totally at her mercy and the fact that we were in the 69 position made my cock swell in Crystals expert cock sucking mouth. I licked and sucking her pussy as if my life depended on it and soon she was fucking my face with abandon, grinding her swollen clit against me, her pussy covering my mouth and chin with love juices.

After what must have been about 10 minutes I felt he mouth leave my cock as Crystal sat up, forcing her pussy harder against my mouth and allowing me to slide my tongue deep inside her glistening slit. I could have stayed like that for ages but then she lifted her mound from my mouth and as I looked up expectantly she used her hands to open her arse cheeks and lowered her little butt hole towards my mouth.

"I want you to tongue my little arsehole for me Stuart, I want to feel you tongue up my arse."

Who was I to argue?! Besides I really didn't have a choice anyway!

I began to tickle her tight little hole with the tip of my tongue as Crystal held her butt open for me. She began to moan out loud as my tongue began to probe her arse further.

"Oh yes Stuart, That's so good, Oh your tongue in my arse. Fuck my arse with your tongue!"

With that she sank down onto my mouth so that my tongue could slide deep inside her passage. I had never done this before in my life and couldn't believe how turned on I was getting, being so rude!

Crystal began moving her butt up and down so that my tongue was fucking her arse and at the same time she told me that she was fingering her pussy. 

"Yeah baby tongue my butt hole while I finger my pussy. I want to cum with your tongue deep in my arse. You're making my pussy so wet!" Crystal panted.

Crystal continued riding my tongue, finger fucking herself until she flew over the edge and sank down onto my tongue with two fingers buried in her sex as yet another orgasm flowed from her vagina. Her cum mingled with the taste of her arse hole allowing me to swallow her cum greedily.

" Oh you dirty bastard Stuart, you have made me act like such a slut. I never would have guessed that we would do so much when I saw you earlier by the pool!"

"Crystal, I keep thinking I am dreaming. This is like all of my fantasies rolled into one!" I gasped.

"After that I need a hard cock up me. I'm going to tease you until you beg me to fuck you and then I might just let you get what you want!" Crystal said.

"I beg you now Crystal, Fuck me! Fuck me! Sit on my cock and fuck me!"

"Oh no! Not yet. You haven't been teased nearly enough."

With that Crystal got off of me and went back over to her drawers and produced another silk scarf. She then began rubbing gently, back and forth, across my stiff pole and around my balls. Immediately my cock started twitching as I lay there moaning at the tickling sensation. It was driving me nuts. Every now and then Crystal would lean over and plant little kisses all over my chest and stomach, causing even greater discomfort. 

She would take my nipples in her mouth and gently nibble them whilst continuously stroking my throbbing cock with the scarf. Slowly Crystal lowered her head further and rolled her tongue over the head of my cock. This made me beg and plead with her to fuck me but to no avail.
