 Chapter 2 - Mr. Nice Guy

I remember waking up under the stars in the cool ocean breeze. I had fallen asleep sitting up on the bench seat that lay across the back of the cabin well of my boat. Lying with her head on my lap, was the beautiful woman who had brought me so much joy that day. She laid there, on her back, holding my hand, with the moon and stars shining on her bared chest.

She was waking up, and stretching. What a beautiful sight it was. She looked up at me and smiled for a split second, before realizing that it was past nightfall. She whispered that she was late for work as usual. At least this time she had an excuse that was different from the usual car troubles. I remember thinking "Here it comes...she needs money. That's all that she wants from me." I was wrong.

She got up and straightened herself out. She kissed me passionately and sprung up the stairs and down to the swim platform. I followed her in disbelief. When it was clear that she was just going to scoot on to work, I stopped her. I told her that I needed to borrow her car - an old station wagon - and that she could use my Jeep until I brought it back. I told her that I needed the space for passengers for a couple of days and that my Jeep was too small. She agreed, reluctantly, indicating that her car was unreliable. We swapped keys and she was off.

That night, I did not go into the bar to see her. I took her car in to Negril to a local repair shop. The mechanic must have known that it was not my car. When I told him to repair absolutely everything, no matter what the cost, he just smiled at me and said "That is very kind of you, Sir." I made it clear that I did not want anyone to know what had been done. I just wanted the owner to have a dependable vehicle. Looking back now, it seems that Ratt - his nickname - and I became good friends after he did such a great job overhauling that piece of junk. I paid him cash in small US dollars, and tipped him generously. He was delighted and invited me back some time for a few beers after hours.

After the three days that it took to repair the car - nothing happens fast in Jamaica - I brought it back to the Pink Clamshell and collected the keys for my Jeep. I thanked Marli several times for the use of her car. She must have known that I did something to it, because it was running like a dream. I hoped that I didn't chase her away with my actions. She might have suspected charity. She was a proud and strong woman, not a charity case in my eyes. It was a gift to show appreciation for the happiness that she brought me.

I invited her over for drinks or just a visit any old time that she wanted. She said that she had a friend who was attracted to me, and that maybe she would introduce us some time. I figured that I had blown it with Marli for sure.

I did not see her again until Sunday. I was walking along the beach when I spied three bikini clad girls splashing around in the shallow waves. I recognized Marli right away with her dark mocha skin and bright yellow thong. 

The second girl worked at the Pink Clamshell also, as the cook. I did not know her name, nor would I have guessed that she had such a tight body under the kitchen uniform she usually wore. She was darker skinned than Marli, and shorter too. She had larger hips and big round breasts that seemed to be too big for her white bikini top. Her top was wet and translucent. Her nipples were also very hard. A delicious package.

The third girl must have been a tourist. Long red hair in a french braid, pale white skin, and a light sprinkle of freckles across her nose and chest. She was a smooth white Scottish or Irish goddess. Her black bikini served to only make her tan look more unfinished. Her shoulders and nose were a bit red from being in the sun. I remember wondering if her lips and nipples would taste pink - sweet like cherries and strawberries. Just the thought of that made my little buddy get thick. 

I approached them, and Marli ran up to me and gave me a big hug. She introduced me to her friend Jesse from the kitchen, and her Scottish friend Victoria - Vikki for short. Vikki was visiting Jamaica for a month, and was staying with Marli at her apartment.

They had no plans, and had been in the sun for a while. I suggested cold drinks on the boat, given that the local bars were mostly closed on Sundays. I heard one of the girls mention Rick's Cafe - the tourist trap - and how it was always open. We decided to get Vikki out of the sun for a while, and sail down the beach to Rick's Cafe. 

Once on the boat, we all sat in the shade and sipped on cold Red Stripe beers that I had chilling inside. After my beer, I told the girls to get comfortable while I get us underway. First up was some music - reggae style Jamaica party tunes that are usually heard at the resorts. Next came the mooring lines, the main sheet and the main sail. I was in no hurry, so I just kept it slow and simple - using only the one main sail.

We started to move along down the beach, and I looked down from the helm to see the three girls dancing on the bow to some Bob Marley - Everything's Gonna Be Alright. I suggested that Vikki come up and dance with me in the shade of the bimini while I steer. She came right up.

I stepped aside and motioned for her to grab hold of the wheel, and she did. I put my arms around her from behind and also grasped the wheel. We swayed together to the music, and she whispered about how romantic Jamaica was.

The two girls dancing below had peeled off their tops as soon as we had moved away from the Marina. They continued to dance, as we admired them and the bright day ahead. My cock was getting so hard that and it was pressing into the soft bottom of my trainee. She reached back with one hand and massaged me through my swimming trunks. I took one hand off of the wheel and began to explore her midriff and her breasts. I pulled off her top and let it fall to the deck. The girls below were in their own world, giggling and dancing and drinking. We were in our own shaded world, getting hotter and hotter as we pawed at each other. 

Vikki leaned forward over the wheel and looked back at me. She said that I should be inside of her, because she was so horny. I told her not to let go of the wheel, and I pulled both of our swim bottoms to the deck. When I arose, she had spread her legs a bit more and was bracing for what was to come. I put the tip of my cock at the edge of the opening of her pussy. She rushed back onto my pole and gasped as I entered her.

So hot, so wet, so soft. We undulated together along with the waves. Slow constant motion that seemed to move with the rhythm of the music and the rhythm of our sex. I was in heaven, building and building pressure. I remember the cool feeling of the wind on my balls as her juices flowed down over them. I had to try to stop myself from going off. I had to force myself to pay at least some attention to the direction of the boat. I had to make this last. I remember thinking that I could not hold off any longer. Then, she threw her head back and began to shake. Her muscles clamped down on my cock, over and over again. I exploded inside of her, my legs and ass muscles stiffened involuntarily, which lifted her up off of her feet. Still grasping the wheel, she was panting and sweat was pouring down her back. I had both hands on her white cone shaped breasts. My eyes felt like they were bulging, as my heart raced. Slowly our breathing slowed as we held each other close, coming down from our high.

After coming to my senses somewhat, I realized that the girls were no longer dancing below. I asked Vikki to keep the direction of the boat straight, parallel to the beach, while I go check on them. I told her that I would be right back.

I came down off of the bridge into the cabin well and looked around. The girls were inside, opening another round of beers and giggling. I entered the cool cabin and admired the two beauties with a big dumb grin on my face. Marli handed me a beer while I stared at her bare breasts. They were topped with nipples made fantastically hard by the air conditioner. Jesse had beautiful breasts too, with somewhat smaller nipples, yet still very hard. I was getting hard - and I couldn't believe my luck.

They asked where Vikki was, and I told them that she was driving, after her first lesson. By the way that I chugged that beer, Marli must have known what I was up to. She smiled and handed me her beer which was still full. She said that she hoped that I was showing Vikki a good time. I told her we had fun. Marli smiled again and opened herself another beer. I told them that I had better get back up there, as we were approaching the Marina below Rick's Cafe. The Cafe itself was up on the cliff above. 

Once on the bridge, I took control of the boat. I lowered the main sail, and tightened up the sheet. I started up the small pilot engine and began to weave through the boats anchored there to try and get as close to the main dock as possible. All three girls had moved out to the front of the boat on the port side. They had their tops in their hands and were swinging them around and shaking them like cheerleader pompoms. The crowd around the dock responded with shouts and laughter and whistles. I got on the horn and sounded it, followed with a call for some line help from the other sailors on the docks. Within seconds, the bow and stern lines were secured and the girls were being escorted off of the boat and into the growing crowd. 

I left the music running over the speakers, and the crowd seemed to enjoy it, moving to the rhythms. I joined the girls in the circle of people that had gathered to talk to and admire them. After a few minutes, we headed up the long stairways that led up the cliffs. We stopped every once in a while to admire the view of the ocean, and to watch some crazy fool dive from the cliffs into the bay. It happened often there, always pleasing the crowds.

By the top of the stairways, the girls had managed to put their bikini tops on and to wrap colorful sarongs around their bottoms, concealing their thongs. We all went inside of Rick's Cafe for a lovely lunch and some drinks. I had managed to pull the waitress aside and to give her my card to pay the bill without the girls knowing. The waitress was to come up with some sort of story about being the daily free bee or something like that. No one was to know that I had taken care of the bill. Her tip was to be doubled if she could pull it off. She did, and the girls were tickled to be so lucky. I played along. Marli gave me a strange and knowing look, but did not pursue the issue.

After my fifth beer, I headed to the bathroom for a leak. When I came out, the waitress was waiting for me there. She thanked me for the generous tip, and asked if there was anything else she could do for me. She looked down at my swim trunks, and then back up to my eyes - smiling all the while. I was tempted, but did not want to spoil my appetite for the ride home. She acted rejected for a split second, and then winked at me saying that she could see that I was already well lined up in the female companionship department. She left the offer open for some other time though. I accepted with a smile. Things had certainly improved in my life, and not just because of the money. That thought kept me smiling all afternoon. The girls kept asking why I was all smiles. I just kept telling them that being surrounded by beautiful queens made me feel like a king. Jesse joked that they should start calling me King, rather than Captain. Marli joked that that was quite a promotion! We all laughed at that. 

Once back on the boat and underway, we stopped off in a little bay along the beach for a swim. The girls wasted no time getting out of their bikinis and into the clear cool water. They convinced me to come in after them with no suit on. They joked around about wanting to see the prince. I laughed at that one, sending some beer up through my nose. They were hysterical. When I pulled off my shorts, my little buddy was thick and proudly hanging down. I almost had an erection at the thought of being the meat in their sandwich out there in the surf. They were all whistling and coaxing me when I descended to the swim deck. From there, I cannon balled them, splashing the heck out of all three. When I emerged from the water for air, they were all wringing out their hair and pinching their noses to blow out the salt water. 

They all attacked me, dunking me and getting dunked by me. We had a great old time. Once things settled down a bit, we all swam back out to the boat. I stayed in the water and watched the girls climb onto the boat one by one. Vikki got out first, giving me a glorious view of her wet light red pubic hair and the delicious shaved prize below it. Now that's a pink clam, I thought. Next, Marli climbed out slowly, giving me a fantastic view of her bald puffy pussy, surrounded by her perfect round ass. Jesse saw me staring, and told me to climb out next. I jumped up and spun around so that I was sitting on swim deck with my feet still in the water. Jesse stared at my fully erect penis. Don't move, she said. She swam up to the swim deck and moved between my legs. She reached up with her hand and pulled my hard-on down to her lips. She gently licked at my foreskin, tasting my precum. 

I spread my legs a bit wider and moved closer to the edge of the swim deck where it met the water. Jesse took the head of my cock into her mouth and began to swirl her tongue around and around. She was enthusiastic. Her mouth was so hot, contrasting with the cool water on my ass and balls. She did not have to suck very long for me to come to climax. When I threw my head back and grunted, she pulled my cock deep into the back of her throat while she cupped my balls with her warm hands. I shot stream after stream of cum into her mouth, while she continued to swallow over and over. She continued to swirl her tongue around and around my knob even after my orgasm subsided. This was too much to handle, as I had become ticklish. I had to ask her to stop while I twitched in sensitivity. She smiled and said that the prince was fine. I laid back on the swim deck for a few moments and laughed at that. She climbed up out of the water, splashing me with the water falling off of her body. I was too spent to move out of the way. She giggled and joined her friends on the bow for another drink.

When I woke up, I was damn cold. I had laid there on the swim deck with my feet in the water for quite a while while I snoozed. I got up and checked on the girls. They were all dozing off in the sun on the bow netting. They were all still naked, except for Vikki who had on one of my T-shirts. I guessed that she was covering up from the sun. I pulled up the anchor, and set sail straight west into the sun. I wanted to show the girls the sunset before heading back to the marina. When the sun began to set, I joined them on the bow netting. We all quietly watched as the sun seemed to turn red and melt into the ocean.

I returned to the bridge, and turned on the overhead lights. I could see the girls below discussing today's events. Later on, Marli came up to the bridge, while the other girls remained in the cabin below. Marli told me that she knew about what had happened with Vikki, and then with Jesse. I thought that she would be mad for sure. As it turned out, she was hoping that we all could connect like that. Her only regret was that I was probably too worn out to connect with her. I was happy that she was not mad at me. I was truly happy for the first time in such a long while. I told her to come back to the boat later that evening once her friends were gone home. She agreed to that.

Shortly after midnight, I heard a Sea-Doo approaching. Here comes Marli, I thought. The moon was full, and the stars were bright. I left on the lights so that Marli could find her way back out to me. When she arrived, I could tell she was very upset about something. Half a bottle of wine later, she spilled her guts out about the events of the evening. Vikki had called home to see how things were coming along back there. Her best friend had caught Vikki's boyfriend Bruno in bed with her other best friend - another guy. As it turns out, Vikki's vacation out here was to spend some time away from Bruno so that they could figure out where their relationship was going. Apparently it was going nowhere because Bruno had a thing for guys. To make things worse, it had been going on for some time behind Vikki's back.

Now, Vikki did not want to go home, and didn't want to face the embarrassment. She wanted to stay in Jamaica until everything could settle down and blow over. The problem was that her plane ticket was going to be too expensive to change. I spun up a fairytale about having some relatives in the airline industry that owed me favors, and that I would try to get it changed for a nominal fee. Truth was that I would just have to pay for it, but no one could know about my wealth. Marli looked at me knowingly again, and then smiled brightly. She told me that I was way too sweet to be true. I remember feeling bad for lying, but I had much to lose. My new found happiness could easily disappear if someone got wind of my winnings. All of my new found friends had been legitimate in my mind because they had no idea who I was.

Marli began to grill me on why I was such a nice guy. She even asked if I had trouble with the law. She wondered if I could be in hiding. Well, I was. From the gold diggers of the world! I wanted just a little bit of simple happiness. I told Marli that she would have to leave if she was going to be grilling me about things that I wished to leave unsaid. She continued, so I scooped her up and tossed her overboard. Harsh, I know. I was upset. I could hear her sobbing, as she slowly swam round to the swim deck. She climbed up on her Sea-Doo as I watched. She said that she was so sorry. She begged for forgiveness. She wanted to come back aboard and show me how important our friendship was to her. She swore to mind her own business. I could not resist. I helped her back aboard and wrapped a towel around her.

We went inside the cabin, and I stripped her out of her wet clothes. I tucked her in to my warm bed, and then I undressed and joined her. We hardly spoke at all. We just fucked. We went at it slowly, but relentlessly. We each took turns having mind blowing orgasms. She eventually spun around on all fours and guided my cock to her asshole. She said that her pussy was so sore, but she wanted to continue. I entered her ass slowly, and continued to press forward until my balls were up against her pussy. It was a first anal sex experience for me. She was so tight and hot in there, that it did not last. I filled her ass with the last little drops of cum left in my body. Completely spent, I was.

In the afterglow, I said something stupid. I told her that I had no real friends, no real family, nothing real in my life at all except for the people who had befriended me since I came to Jamaica. She listened as I told her that I was richer than shit because of the lottery. She listened as I told her how all of that money had destroyed my life, and had made me lose my faith in humanity and love.

I came to my senses and swore her to secrecy. It was the only hope I had left for happiness. She agreed, and swore to never ask me for money. She assured me that she was attracted to me, not my money. She was attracted to my love of life, my constant smile, and how I could find joy in such simple pleasures. I told her that I appreciated her saying that. I remember hoping that I had not fucked everything up. 

She cried and told me that she wished I had not told her. She said that the look on my face was breaking her heart. She said that I looked dead compared to the man who watched the sun melt into the ocean with three naked women earlier that day. She never wanted to see me look that way again.
