 Lexi had been married to Carl, very happily for 5 years. They had a healthy relationship with friends they saw together and also separately. Their sex life was very good and they shared a lot of fantasies that kept things well spiced. 

Lexi had never really thought much about sleeping with other men although her fantasies always involved other men and Carl would often ask her about her past experiences and feelings towards them. The truth was, Lexi hadn't been with many other men and certainly no other men who pleasured her as Carl did. Carl knew this and deep down longed for Lexi to enjoy the pleasure of another man. It drove him mad thinking about Lexi getting intimate with another and they found that their role plays and fantasies often ventured into that area. 

One evening, after a number of drinks, Lexi and Carl began to discuss the idea of Lexi meeting another man and potentially living out a fantasy. Lexi was certainly keen to at least look and play the field but didn't know where to begin. She had never been good at dating and she certainly didn't know any hot male friends who would be good to bed. 

Carl suggested that they look online and begin to search for guys who might be willing to help Lexi explore. Lexi agreed and a number of sites (including swinging and dating) were signed up to and some saucy pictures were added. Within hours, Lexi was inundated with messages, pictures and the like. She didn't realise how attractive she must have been to other men and it certainly made her feel good as she began to trawl through the messages and selectively respond to the many admirers. 

Before long, Lexi had reduced her many admirers to a select few who soon became regular contacts. One particular man caught Lexi's eye. Ross wasn't a local guy but said he visited from time to time due to his job. He was married but Lexi didn't seem to mind that and would message him on a daily basis. The messages got nicely saucy and picture swapping led to naughty phone conversations which would always leave Lexi hot and horny and requiring Carl to satisfy her needs. 

About 2 months after making initial contact with Ross, Lexi was out with some friends when she received a text message from him. 

"I'm in town, tonight only, all yours if you fancy a meetup?" Lexi's heart raced. She never actually had the intention of meeting Ross and now he was in town ready to meet up. 

"Ross is in town, should I meet him?" Lexi messaged Carl, hoping that he could give her an answer to go back with... If he said no then her trouble would be over... but she really did have the hots for Ross... even though she had never met him!

"I think you should at least meet him..." Carl replied.

Before she knew it Lexi had ditched her friends and was now sat opposite a total stranger who she had fantasised about screwing senseless on numerous occasions as her husband sat at home awaiting news of her adventure. Lexi was really nervous. Really nervous but really fucking horny. She looked at Ross, into his eyes. He was really handsome and manly and she began to notice how well they were getting on. 

"Fuck, he is really hot and I think I might have the hots for him..." She messaged Carl. 

"Don't let me stop you... where are you going to go with him?" Carl replied. 

"He has a hotel room and I think he wants to take me there... Fuck, what should I do?"

"Follow your pussy... if he makes it wet then let him continue," Carl answered almost immediately. 

Lexi soon found herself sat next to Ross, his hands were beginning to run up her legs and he was clearly flirting with her. Their eyes barely left each other gaze and Lexi was resisting the urge not to lean in and kiss him. She was desperate not to come across as easy but knew deep down that she wanted to end the night in Ross' bed. 

"I don't think I want another drink... do you?" Ross stated. 

"Erm... I'm not sure." Lexi replied.

"I am very much in the mood for taking you back to my hotel room but perhaps I am jumping the gun?"

Lexi was a little taken aback. He was so confident and she found herself in that instant imaging his naked body against hers. 

"I think you need to try a little harder than that to get into my panties..." She pulled on Ross' shirt, his face came close to hers but she lent back into the chair preventing him from kissing her. 

Ross instantly responded. His left hand ran up her leg and under her dress, he felt the top of her stockings and his fingers touched the bare skin at the top of her legs. As he did so, he lent in kissed Lexi passionately. Lexi found herself kissing back, their tongues crossing as she felt his hand wander up her leg to her panties.

"Steady. Not in public, please... I think you have persuaded me." Lexi stopped him in his tracks and pushed his hand back down.

Before long Lexi and Ross had walked back to his hotel room. Lexi walked in and sat on a sofa facing two double doors with a moonlit sea view. 

"This is romantic" Lexi suggested.

"I don't have any intention of making this romantic" Ross stood over Lexi before pulling her to her feet. 

He took great pleasure in lifting Lexi's dress up and over her torso and head leaving her standing in front of him wearing just her bra, panties, hold up stockings and heels. She felt very exposed but highly turned on and ready to accept Ross' advances. 

"Get on your knees" Ross demanded. 

Lexi found herself instantly obeying. She knelt at Ross' feet and began to unzip his jeans, pulling them down, revealing his large swollen package tucked inside his boxers. Lexi began to pull down his boxers, allowing his cock to fall out into her face. She took no time in placing her lips around his bulging end and started to coax the length down into her throat. She could tell Ross was enjoying her mouth as his cock was throbbing and growing in her mouth. 

Lexi continued to suck Ross deep into her throat until he was satisfied. Lexi had a real talent for giving head and Ross let her continue for some time. Lexi ended up laying on the floor and Ross knelt over her, straddling her tummy with his cock between her tits. Lexi sucked as Ross began to reach back, into her panties and push 2 fingers into her wet pussy. 

Lexi gasped for air as Ross began to massage her g spot with his thick fingers. By this point Ross' cock was rock hard and was no longer deep in Lexi's mouth, instead, his balls were hovering over Lexi's willing mouth as she held onto his cock as her hips jolted with every motion of his skillful hands which now had 3 fingers deep inside her. 

Soon, Ross had moved down into a position between Lexi's legs. Their now naked bodies were together at last and Lexi was enjoying the passion of Ross' kisses as their bodies intertwined. Lexi knew that she was moments from being taken by another man and as she cupped Ross' bare ass with her hands she could feel his hard shaft being to poke at the entrance of her wet pussy. Lexi wanted him so badly.

Suddenly Ross' weight lifted and he knelt between Lexi's legs with his cock resting in her pubic region. His shaft ran up onto her tummy and to her belly button. Lexi rested her weight onto her elbows and looked down at Ross' muscular body and hard long cock. Ross had now maneuvered his cock so that it was pushing into Lexi's pussy again. He lent in and their lips met. Lexi took in the moment and gently arched her back, allowing her man entrance into her. 

Ross didn't hold back. He knew Lexi wanted him and he began to push his hard cock into her willing pussy. Lexi was so horny and Ross' cock felt so different from what she was used to. He was so big and wide and...

"Oh my fucking god... I'm laid on my back taking a stranger big fat bareback cock and I'm loving it" Lexi thought to herself. "Fuck! What if I come, or if he comes. Fuck I am going to come!"

Lexi held onto Ross' body as he thrust into her deep and harder. She was coming uncontrollably on his cock and there was no way back... 

"Don't stop, please don't stop!" Lexi pleaded. 

Ross was at this point on his knees thrusting into Lexi and watching her tits bounce. She was so tight on his cock and the ridges of her wet pussy were coaxing him towards orgasm. He couldn't stop, he had to make her orgasm. He didn't stop. 

Lexi hit the climax and lost control of her moans and groans of pleasure. She held onto Ross as he began to reach his own orgasm. Lexi knew his cock was already oozing hot precum into her and soon he would be spraying his load even deeper into her. She looked up into Ross' eyes and they began to kiss as he climaxed. 

"Fuck I can feel you coming inside me!" Lexi was amazed at how powerful Ross cock was as it spurted. 

Lexi and Ross lay on the floor. Lexi didn't give Carl a thought as she kissed Ross and accepted his company for the rest of the night...

Lexi lay on the floor recovering from an intense orgasm. She looked up admiring the man who had given her immense pleasure just moments before. She had only met Ross that night after a few weeks of messaging and chatting on the phone. His body was toned and muscular and his cock was still large and swollen, glistening in the light as it was covered in a mixture of Lexi's pussy juice and his hot semen. 

As she looked up at her lover, Lexi rubbed a hand over her nipples making them tingle. She bit her lip as she stared intently at Ross' swollen cock, imagine how good it would feel to have it inside her again. Her hands slipped down her body and began to rub at her clit, as she did so, Lexi opened her legs and felt Ross' hot sperm running out of her pussy. 

Ross looked down at his new conquest. She was clearly still turned on and had not been fulfilled from their initial hard fuck on the floor. Lexi now had two fingers deep inside her pussy and was caressing her right nipple with her spare hand. Ross walked around Lexi as she looked up at him. He stopped when he was above her and then knelt with his legs either side of her head. Lexi arched her neck and opened her willing mouth. 

Ross' cock was still swollen from the previous fuck but it was bigger than what Lexi was used to and as soon as she began to suck it into her throat it began to grow by the stroke. Lexi reached up and grasped the base of the shaft, pull Ross deeper into her mouth. She began to gag on his shaft but tried her best to provide her man with deep pleasure as his cock continued to swell. 

Ross looked down at Lexi and was highly impressed at her ability to swallow such a large proportion of his cock. He felt bad that she was giving him intense pleasure and had stopped fingering her own pussy - he knew such selflessness deserved rewarding and he knew exactly how to proceed. 

Lexi felt a little disappointed when Ross pulled his cock from her mouth but was happy to feel the pressure relieve in her throat. She allowed Ross to pull her up to her feet and then stood in front of him. Lexi suddenly felt a slight tinge of vulnerability. Ross towered over her with his 6ft2 frame and muscular body on show. Lexi stood naked in front of him as he stepped forward and caressed her bare ass with his left hand before using his right hand to pull her face and lips to his. 

The couple kissed hard as their bodies came together. Lexi grasped Ross' cock with both hands and began to stroke the entire length before cupping his balls in one hand and using her other to work up and down the length. By this point, Ross was fully grown and precum oozed from the tip and down over Lexi's hand as the pair kissed and their tongue began to intertwine. 

Ross took his chance and pushed Lexi back towards the sofa, turning her as she stepped back and positioning her onto her knees. Lexi grasped the back of the sofa and looked back over her shoulder to allow Ross to kiss her from behind. As he did, Lexi felt Ross' large swollen cock push against the opening to her ready wet pussy. Ross placed a hand on each of Lexi's hips and positioned himself to fuck his new lover harder than she could imagine. 

Ross had no difficulty in sliding every inch deep into Lexi's tight pussy and at the moment his balls touched her, he held his pose, pushing deeper and allowing Lexi to acclimatise to the fat shaft now splitting her open. Not a word was said, Ross just knew Lexi was ready and began to thrust into her hard and controlled.

"Oh my god he is so big from this angle, I can feel every ridge!" Lexi thought to herself as she grasped the sofa harder. 

Ross looked down at this hot redhead girl riding his cock as he began to thrust into her. He could see her holding onto the material of the sofa, her knuckles were white and her wedding ring stood out as she started to moan and groan. Ross was smashing his cock into her G spot and she couldn't control her vocal enjoyment. 

"Fuck, I'm cumming already," Lexi said in her head as she let out a long orgasm that rocked her body. 

She could feel her pussy gushing and as Ross continued to thrust the sound became noticeably wetter. Ross didn't relent. He had found a rhythm and was going to continue rocking his new woman until he tight pussy milked him dry. Ross grabbed Lexi's hair and pulled her up so that she was resting her weight on her knees. She placed a hand on the back of Ross' head and the other on his hand that was now planted on her left breast. 

This altered position gave Ross the ability to slam into Lexi's body as they kissed harder and more passionately. He squeezed her breast as Lexi's orgasm began to build a second time. It built and built as they kissed and Lexi let out her moans as she tipped over the edge. Ross knew he was close and was about to shoot deep into Lexi. 

"I'm going to cum" Ross looked into Lexi's eyes as he slowed his thrusts. 

"Please don't stop" Lexi gasped. 

Ross held Lexi in his arms and against his muscular body as he pushed his big cock into Lexi a few more times. Lexi stared into Ross' dark eyes as she felt her new man begin to cum. Again, she could feel every pulse of his cock as he shot his sperm deep into her pussy. 

Lexi knelt on the sofa as her pussy oozed onto the material. Her mind wandered to her husband sat at home waiting but soon turned back to Ross as she sat beside her. The pair kissed again as they recovered for another round... 

Lexi lay back on the sofa recovering from an intense orgasm. She admired the body of her new lover as she caught her breath and enjoyed the sensation of warm sperm oozing out of her well-fucked pussy. Her breasts were tingling and heavy as the nipples stood erect. 

Ross had now left the room and she lay there thinking about how exciting she had found this encounter. Not once had her mind considered her husband Carl, who by now would be eager for her arrival home and find out how the date had gone. Never in a million years did Lexi consider how attractive Ross could be let alone how good he could have been at making her cum on his big cock. 

She thought about Ross' cock for a moment. How it looked as she knelt obediently at his feet. His shaft stood upright, veins bulging, the end glistening with his precum as she naively attempted to handle the entire length with one hand. Naive summed up her attempts to suck the length as it began to make her gag. Lexi felt a tad embarrassed at her poor show but then remembered how much Ross seemed to enjoy pushing her back onto the floor and fucking her for the first time. 

"Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?" 

Lexi opened her eyes, a little startled. Ross stood in the doorway, he was now fully dressed and had clearly been watching for a few minutes as she pleasured herself whilst thinking about her naughty encounter. By this point Lexi had a hand firmly grasped around her left breast, caressing the nipple and her left hand was firmly planted with two fingers inside her wet, cummy pussy. 

"Not fulfilled?" Ross asked as he began to walk towards Lexi who had now removed the hand from her pussy and was lying exposed on the sofa. 

"Don't stop on my account... you clearly need more pleasure" Ross sounded a little demanding in his tone. 

Lexi slowly moved her hand back to her pussy and began to stroke her clit. She looked intently into Ross' eyes. He seemed a little different. Lexi couldn't tell exactly how but it was as if Ross was being less friendly or charming and was standing over her as he possessed her. 

"You have been a dirty little slut" 

Suddenly, Ross slapped Lexi's hand away from her clit. Lexi was a little taken aback but continued to stare into his eyes before moving her hand back to her clit, this time she pushed two fingers deep into her wet pussy as she lifted her hips slightly into the air and bit her lip. Ross waited for a moment allowing Lexi to enjoy her pussy stretching over her fingers before slapping her hand away for a second time - this time in a rougher manner. 

"Are you not satisfied?" Ross demanded to know but Lexi did not respond verbally but again moved her hand back to her pussy. 

Ross reacted instantly, pulling Lexi to her feet, gripping a hand tightly around her arm and dragging her over to the full-length windows. He pulled open the curtains and pushed Lexi into them. Lexi realised that she was now stood naked overlooking a fairly busy city street. Her saving grace in that Ross' flat was 4 floors above street level but she never the less feels highly exposed. 

"Put both hands on the window at shoulder height and spread your legs" Lexi felt Ross stood behind her.

Lexi felt highly uncomfortable but she obeyed and allowed Ross to exhibit her in such a public manner. Ross motioned beside her and with a swift movement, removed his leather belt that was then folded in half and swiftly slapped onto Lexi's bare ass. 

"One". Lexi winced as the leather whipped onto her bare skin. She had to bite her lip to prevent a loud outburst as her knees buckled slightly. 

"Two". Ross smashed the belt into her ass again. "Three... Four... Five..."

Lexi couldn't hold her moan on the fifth. Her ass felt raw. Ross was like a different man, now so demanding and domineering. The pain suddenly stopped as she felt Ross move closer behind her, his hand running up her inner thigh and slowly into her pussy. Not one finger, not two, but all four were now pushing into her tight pussy. 

"What are you?" Ross demanded to know. 

"A slut?" Lexi tried to please him with her response.

"Whose slut?" Ross replied

"Your slut?" Again Lexi tried to please with her reply. 

Ross had a tight grip on Lexi's pussy with four fingers firmly planted inside her and his thumb now inching onto her tight asshole. He slapped the belt onto her bare ass again before wrapping the belt firmly around Lexi's neck and grasping both ends with one hand and keeping the other firmly inside her wet and exposed pussy. 

Lexi could feel Ross pushing his fingers deeper into her as he began to move his hand as to fuck her. The pleasure built and built and Lexi knew that she was now vocally moaning. She knew that within minutes she would orgasm and had never been taken in such a position before. Lexi was on the edge when suddenly Ross removed his hand and slapped her bare ass cheek before pulling on the belt firmly around her neck. 

Lexi physically shook as the orgasm that nearly was subsided. She opened her eyes and remembered her exposed position in the window. Ross continued to edge her exposed and wet pussy for what felt like an age. She lost count of the ruined orgasms that each time came quicker and quicker. She wondered if Ross would ever let her cum. 

"Now get on your knees and tell me what I want to hear..." 

Ross removed the belt and let Lexi take her place knelt at his feet. Ross had already removed his jeans and allowed his hard cock to hover over Lexi's face. 

"I am your slut, sir," Lexi said as she looked up at Ross before pushing a few inches of his hard shaft into her throat. "I am your dirty little fucktoy and I want you to fuck me. Please". 
