 When Derek saw his long term girlfriend Melissa take hold of another man he had never imagined it would cause him such ego breaking pain and also, such exhilaration. Derek was twenty-four. He was an accountant and had just started at a big consultancy in the city. He was tall and fit and still played college rugby on the weekends. He had met Melissa three years ago. She was an art major. She was skinny and cute. She had an unconventional beauty, a boyish frame, but she was lithe, and her chest was pert and sharp. She moved with grace. Her brunette hair was shoulder length. She was as much the adventurer and optimist, as Derek practiced caution and pessimism. She had a small tattoo of a howling wolf on her shoulder and had told Derek when they had met that 'I will try anything at least once.' She had said it in her crisp and sharp voice and Derek had loved her for it.

They had arrived in Berlin for a long romantic weekend. They flew into Schonefeld airport and took the metro into the city centre to their hotel near Alexanderplatz. It was cold and it was February and they had walked the streets in coats with the collars turned up. Melissa knew rudimentary German and boldly was the one who asked locals for directions and spoke to shop attendants. Derek knew more of the language than he let on but felt apprehensive about speaking it himself. He enjoyed watching Melissa converse. She was so sweet and charming, and sometimes also flirtatious. She could make even the most innocuous phrase seem loaded with innuendo. Derek had at first hoped that this was a special trick reserved for him, but as time wore on in their relationship he became accepting of the fact that this is how she treated men in general. She had most men eating out of her palm, she enabled them to hear what they wanted to.

Melissa had told Derek about an indoor swimming pool that sounded cool. It was built underground and was meant to be relaxing. They played classical music underwater. So when they set out one morning they packed their swimwear and towels in their backpacks. In the morning they had cycled around the Tiergarten and when the cold had become biting they went indoors. Over a cup of coffee Melissa casually suggested that they head down to the pool she had been talking about. Derek thought it was a great idea as they would be indoors and away from the cold.

At the front desk Melissa did the talking and asked for two robes for Derek and her. They were also given white slippers each. They were issued with instructions on how to operate the lockers and tie the key chain around their wrists.

'I will see you on the other side' Derek said kissing Melissa as they went into the Men and Women's change rooms. Derek found a free locker quickly enough but as he was undressing he noticed that he could see a woman on the other end of the change room. It took a few moments for him to twig that the two separate doors for the change rooms actually led into just the one large room. The women were on one end and the men on the other. The woman he could see was partially dressed and rubbing lotion on her legs. Derek realised that if he had been there a few seconds earlier he would have seen her completely undressed. The thought gave him a bit of a rush. Then it occurred to him that she would now have that very same pleasure with him. He was mature enough to know that she probably wouldn't even look. If she had come here before, the sight of a changing man was probably nothing new. As he got into his swimming trunks he wondered how Melissa was getting on. He wondered if she had gotten changed with some guy surreptitiously watching her. The thought was strangely thrilling.

He met Melissa on the other side. She was wrapped up in her white robbed and wore the white slippers. She looked gorgeous.

'Ready?' she asked.

He said that he was. They made their way to the pool. As they did Derek noticed that there were various saunas breaking off from the main concourse. There was a sign that said 'No swimsuits inside. Get changed here'. There were a series of lockers underneath the sign. As they walked passed there was a girl taking off her bikini briefs. They caught a flash of her bottom and smiled to each other.

The pool was down a flight of stairs and no talking was allowed. The lighting was dimmed and there was a sign saying that swimsuits were required for the pool. Melissa was quick to drop her robe and climb in the pool. She was wearing a sensible one piece speedo. Strangely demure and unrevealing Derek had observed. He floated out into the heated pool after her and very quickly felt completely relaxed.

When they had left the pool after sometime Melissa had turned to Derek.

'Do you maybe want to try one of the saunas?'

'Sure' he said eventually after some hesitation.

'Only, you realise we will have to get naked?' she was smiling at him. He could tell that she thought he would be too scared. That he would practice caution and restraint. There was a large part of him that just wanted to leave. But he was spurned on by her enthusiasm. 'We will be naked in front of other people, will you be ok with that?'

'I guess' he said 'if you are?'

'You know I will try anything at least once' she winked.

The first sauna they went to was an eighty degree dry heat room. While they had to remove their swimsuits they could keep their towels to preserve their modesty. The sauna had glass walls and looked out over an outdoor heated pool which connected to the bar across the courtyard. Despite being so on display there were several local Germans completely naked in the dry room. The men sat with their legs apart and their genitals hanging freely on display. Melissa and Derek sat towards the front and at one point an older German man had come in and stood in front of them. His genitals were at their eye height and he could see that Melissa was taking a long hard look. She turned to Derek with a modest smile her eyes wide open in a mock startled expression. Derek saw a very attractive blonde German woman climb down the stairs. Her crotch was completely shaved and he could see the deep crevice of her vagina. It went quite high up her front, higher than Melissa's, but was very attractive all the same.

Later when they left and jumped into a freezing plunge pool Derek noticed a few men stop to watch Melissa climb into the water completely naked. She had a gorgeous curve to her back side. Her two cheeks were firm and round and stood up pertly so that there was none of the normal sagging to protect her modesty. When you saw her backside you saw everything. She didn't shave all her pubic hair on Derek's request. He liked her to have something there. She kept it trimmed in a tantalising dark triangle.

They then moved on to a hotter sauna that was ninety degree heat and a wet room. No towels were allowed and you had to clean the bench with a ladle of steaming water before you sat. Derek and Melissa sat across from another couple. Melissa and the other women both kept their legs crossed and were leaning forward with their arms over their chests. Derek and the other man sat normally with their legs slightly apart not covering anything. It gave Derek a curious rush thinking that Melissa was getting such a good look at another man's crotch.

Derek went to the toilet after the wet room and when he returned he found Melissa chatting to a man in broken German. The man was well built and slightly taller than Derek. He had a swimmer's physique with broad shoulders and narrow hips. He had a flat stomach and well-toned thighs that made his genitals stand prominently out from his body. He was uncircumcised and had an unusually thick penis. Something that Melissa said made him laugh and he could see her giggle and glance at his penis. When Derek approached him Melissa quickly came across saying goodbye to the German.

'He was just saying hello' she said. 'He recommended we try the Himalayan room'

'Oh right,' Derek said. 'He was, well...well he was well endowed'

Melissa looked at him smiling. She seemed to be scanning his face to know how to respond.

'He was' she said, and then added teasingly 'Does he make you jealous?'

Derek tried to laugh it off.

'Well what do you think?' Melissa asked.

'About what?'

'About the Himalayan room?'

'Oh let's try it' Derek said not really thinking clearly.

The Himalayan room was much smaller than the other saunas. It was also a lot cooler. Only 40 degrees and both Derek and Melissa went in naked. The light was much brighter in here and Derek felt a bit relieved that they were the only two in the room. There was not much left to the imagination in here.

Melissa propped herself up and lay down against the wall. Derek continued to sit upright.

'Were you interested in that man's penis?' Derek said at length.

'That shouldn't still be bothering you' Melissa said. 'I love you honey. Yes he had a big penis but I love you.'

'I love you too' Derek said relieved. 'So you didn't wonder?'

'No not really. I mean I don't even know how a penis that size would fit. I haven't seen a man with so much girth before. It would be painful.'

Just then the door opened. It was the tall German they had just been speaking of. He didn't acknowledge them at first and just went across to lie down on the opposite wall from Melissa and Derek. As the room wasn't very big they quickly made eye contact again and he said hello a bit abruptly. He lay down on his back with his knees up and apart. Melissa and Derek had an unrestricted view of his groin. His large penis hung from his body and rested against the bench. His balls were heavy and pressed out as they spread on the wood.

After a while he looked up and started speaking to them in fairly good English.

'To get the full effect of this sauna you really need to be on this side' he said pointing to the wall where he was sitting. 'The steam comes out and settles here. Sure you are getting some effect over there but this is really much better. Do you want to come try it?' he said making some room next to him. There was only space for one.

As was her way Melissa was quick to say yes.

'Yes I will try it' she said. She got up and crawled over to lie next to the big German. Nobody said anything at first but Derek was struck by the fact that he was looking at Melissa lying naked next to another man. She had the same pose as him with her knees up and apart. He could see her neat vagina and the way the crack extended to the smaller dark hole of her anus.

After a while Melissa said something in German and the man grunted amusingly. They began a brief conversation that Derek battled to follow. After sometime he propped himself up on one arm and took hold of Melissa's hands. He pulled them behind her head so that her breasts stretched out attractively into two round balls on her chest. The man then did the same and stretched out with his arms behind his head. He said something else and Melissa laughed flirtatiously.

Derek did not know if he was horrified or exhilarated. He felt betrayed by Melissa and by himself. He watched helplessly. Why didn't he do something? He should react. He should stop this. But instead he just sat there watching feeling himself getting hard.

The man had placed one of his big hands on Melissa's upper thigh. After he had said something Melissa did the same to him. For a while they slowly petted each other and their hands ran up and down each other's legs. At one point Derek saw Melissa move her hips, it was the sign he had gotten to know which meant she was really in the mood. Suddenly he saw her hand venture across and grab the thick penis. Her hand looked tiny in comparison and couldn't even fit half way around his girth. The room was suddenly very quiet and still. They were all expecting Derek to react but still he did nothing. He wasn't sure if he should cry or runaway or shout. But instead he sat there with his erection getting stiffer and stiffer. Melissa began stoking the man. At first with one hand and then with two until he became fully erect. Derek was taken a back at the sheer size of him. Melissa said something and the man shrugged as if to say it has always been that big. Derek could see that Melissa was fascinated. She would try anything at least once and she wanted to try and see if that penis would fit inside of her.

The man had started stroking her cunt and expertly felt out her clitoris which he was rubbing rhythmically. After a while he sat up and picked Melissa up under her armpits. Her skinny body was brought down on top of the German. Derek could see that now their genitals had actually made contact. Despite himself Derek realised that he had started rubbing his own cock.

The man pulled Melissa's buttocks apart and impaled her on his thick cock. At first nothing happened. She just sat with his penis pressing into her vagina lips. He was too big. Derek could see the head of the penis resting at her opening. He could see the little hole of anus stretched wide as the man pulled her bum cheeks open. And then inch by inch Melissa began to slide down his member. She let out little whimpers of pain and joy as he entered her and tore open her vagina. Suddenly he was taking deep long thrusts into her and she was moaning in orgasmic ecstasy. Just as quickly as they had started they stopped and there was some discussion. He could see Melissa corkscrewing round on him until see was sitting reverse cowgirl facing Derek. In a brief moment she looked up and made eye contact with her boyfriend. She mouthed 'I love you'. She didn't get to see Derek mouth it back as the man had starting thrusting once more. Just when Derek thought he could take no more Derek saw the man pull apart her arse once more and based on the high pitched whimper he guessed that Melissa's arsehole was being fingered and it didn't appear to be gentle.

At this point Melissa looked at Derek and he knew she could see that he was climaxing. As he orgasmed he saw Melissa's eyes close in pure joy. The huge thick cock ejaculated inside of her.

Then silence.

Nobody spoke and nothing happened for a while.

Eventually Melissa sat up off the huge penis as she did so semen slipped out of her vagina dripping onto the sauna floor. She tried to wipe it away with a towel but both men watched as the load of spunk continue to crawl out. How much he shot up into her Derek wondered. When they eventually left the sauna very little was said to the man. He gave Derek a strong handshake and kissed Melissa. When Melissa and Derek were once again dressed and outside in the cold Berlin February they embraced each other passionately, still madly in love.