 Victoria looked in her rear view mirror and cringed. 'Busted for speeding, yet again' she thought to herself as she saw the flashing lights of the cop car following behind her. 

She pulled off to the side of the deserted road, laid her head back against her seat and waited for the inevitable. Another speeding ticket to add to her ever-growing collection, just what she always wanted....not! Victoria had just gotten off another late night at work and was in a hurry to get home so she could enjoy her days off, but they weren't starting out too well. 

The knock came at her window and she grudgingly opened it, preparing herself for another verbal berating from yet another high-handed cop. Victoria turned to face the officer, her very best "I'm innocent" smile splayed across her lips. As soon as her eyes landed on him, she froze and lost her ability to speak. Her luck was changing ...he was GORGEOUS!

"License and registration please ma'am."

His voice startled Victoria out of her stupor and she mumbled something incoherent, feeling a total idiot, as she dug for her license and insurance information. Her hands were shaking and she was afraid he would notice as she handed her information to him. 

He must have noticed her sudden nervousness and gave her a smile that made her weak in the knees!

"No need to be nervous young lady. Do you know how fast you were going?"

"No officer, to be honest, I wasn't even paying attention."

"You need to be more careful. We wouldn't want anything bad to happen to a pretty little thing like you!" He said as he winked at her. 

His comment brought a smile to Victoria's lips. He was flirting with her and she loved it. She wondered just how far he would take this flirting game of his.

"Well officer, sometimes a girl just feels the need to live a little dangerously" she said as she batted her long eyelashes at him. 

He chuckled, a sexy little laugh that told her he was more than ready to play the game. 

"Sit tight, little girl, I'll be back in a minute." And with that he returned to his car leaving Victoria feeling extremely excited about what may lay ahead. 

As Officer Hottie walked back to his car, Victoria checked him out in her rear view mirror and his rear view was something very fine indeed! His uniform hugged him perfectly giving her a view of his broad back, perfect ass and long lean legs. She could tell he was muscular even though he was wearing a bullet proof vest, which, in all honestly, just made him look sexier.

Quickly, Victoria checked herself in the mirror; making sure her hair and makeup were still looking good. Grabbing the lip gloss, she applied a little more, all the while keeping an eye on the officer's car to make sure he didn't catch her in her little routine. 

Loosening the top couple buttons on her blouse making sure there was ample cleavage on display, Victoria looked up to see the officer heading back her way, her information and ticket in hand. 

As he approached Victoria's heart rate increased and she could feel the wet spot growing in her red lace panties. Thank God for the new outfit and lingerie and fuck me pumps she had bought on the spur of the moment as a mood lifter. Her shopping habits were paying off!

"Ma'am, I've going to have to ask you to step out of your vehicle" he said as he leaned in her window. "I noticed you messing around with your purse and I want to make sure you aren't trying to hide something from me."

"Officer, you are more than welcome to search anything you like" she said as she opened her car door. 

Making sure she moved as slowly as possible she moved one leg and then the other out of the car. The process made her skirt ride up enough to give the sexy officer a view of her moistened panties. She got out and stood at the side of the car, pulling her skirt down just enough to cover her ass. 

He stood in front of her and made her feel tiny because he was so tall. He was muscular but not body builder type, just the right amount that she could tell he would look amazing naked. His dark hair was cut short and his lips were made for kissing, but what captivated her most were his eyes. They were a gorgeous blue and they showed his emotions perfectly. Right now they were smoldering and the look he was giving her was making her nipples harden. 

"Little girl, I'm going to have to search you, make sure you don't have anything illegal in your possession. Do you have anything sharp that might poke me?" His voice had changed. It was deeper, huskier, a sign that he was as turned on as she was. 

"No officer," Victoria replied seductively. "Do you have anything that will poke me?"

He chuckled again. "You are such a bad, bad girl. I'm going to have to teach you a lesson about teasing officers. But don't worry; I'm going to make sure it's a very enjoyable lesson."

With that he turned Victoria around, and brought her hands behind her back and cuffed her. The cold steel against her fevered skin made Victoria shiver. That or it was the thought about what this sexy cop was going to do to her very ready and willing body. 

He stood so close behind her, almost touching her but not quite. She could feel his breath on the back of her neck and the feel of it was driving her crazy. It seemed like hours before she felt his lips touch the sensitive skin where his breath had been. The contact sent instant jolts of pleasure coursing through her body and straight to her soaking pussy. 

Officer Hottie's hands found their way to the buttons of Victoria's shirt and he undid them slowly as he continued kissing her neck and nibbling her earlobes. He pulled her shirt loose from her skirt and slid it down her arms where it hung on the cuffs. 

Turning Victoria to face him, he pressed her back into the car with his body. She could feel his cock pressing into her through his pants. He felt huge and hard and she couldn't wait to know what it would feel like in her wet pussy. The very thought sent a shiver through her body causing her to gasp. 

His gorgeous blue eyes focused on her lips as he said "I know your kind, what you like...you're a dirty little girl. Let's see exactly how dirty you are!" With that he grabbed her by the back of her neck and pulled her to his lips for a passionate kiss.

The breath left Victoria's body as she was assaulted by his tongue, his very long and talented tongue. He made love to her mouth in long slow strokes, mimicking the same motion with his hips. As he kissed her his free hand found its way to her lace-covered breasts. His fingers caressed the flesh that poured from the top of her bra, threatening to spill out at any moment. 

"Fuck" he whispered as he suddenly he pulled away from the kiss.

Victoria looked up at him, her heavy-lidded gaze an indication of the desire that he inflicted on her. 

"Please!" was all she said.

"Please what?" he replied, his voice husky and seductive. "Please kiss you again or do you want something...more?"

"Please touch me!" she cried.

Again he chuckled. He seemed to be enjoying her predicament.

"And where exactly do you want me to touch you? Do you want me to touch you here?" he said as his finger traced a line down her neck to her cleavage. 

"Or here?" as his fingers continued their journey as they gently teased her hard nipples through the lace of her bra. 

"Or should I touch you here?" he whispered into her ear as his fingers traced a line over her stomach and down to the v of her thighs. He slowly pulled her skirt up and she could feel the cool night air kiss her moistened flesh. His fingers brushed the lace encasing her wet pussy and Victoria's body shuddered uncontrollably. 

He captured her in a savage kiss as he continued to stroke her throbbing cunt through her soaked panties. Breaking the kiss, he moved his lips over Victoria's neck, licking, sucking and biting her sensitive flesh. 

Victoria moaned and began to move her hips in rhythm with his talented fingers that were torturing her body in a most pleasurable way. The feel of his tongue and teeth nipping her neck sent her over the edge. Her orgasm hit her suddenly and ferociously, her body rocked by the force of it. 

Officer Hottie growled deep in his throat and stepped back. 

"Fuck that was sexy" he said as he began to remove his gun belt "But I don't think you've learned your lesson yet little girl. It's time for the strip search." 

Gun belt in one hand, he reached around her, grabbing her by the cuffs and escorted her back to his car where he placed the gun belt on the driver's seat. 

"1Adam12 status" his radio crackled to life.

"1Adam12 10-4 at this time. No need for further checks." He replied. 

"Now, where were we...oh yes, time for me to inspect that hot body of yours." He said as he flicked open the closure on the front of Victoria's bra, her breast spilling out into his waiting hands. 

He dipped his head down and captured a puckered nipple in his mouth as his fingers found the other one, switching now and then. The combination of the sucking and pinching and twisting of her sensitive nipples soon had Victoria near orgasm again. 

"Your tits are amazing. You're obviously not hiding anything here. But you do have one more place I need to check." He said as he unzipped her skirt and let it fall in a puddle around her feet. He bent down and slowly lifted one heel encased foot and then the other out of the tangle of skirt, placing little kisses and licks to her legs as he did so. 

Standing back up, Officer Hottie turned Victoria around and bent her over the hood of his cruiser. He unhooked the cuffs for a brief moment to remove her shirt and bra and then re-hooked them so she could stretch her arms out in front of her.

Victoria felt vulnerable and exposed out in the cold night air, wearing only her panties and her fuck me pumps. But she knew it was going to be totally worth it when she felt his lips touch the small of her back and make a trail down to the ridge of her ass. 

His hands roamed all over her body, caressing her arms, and back and thighs. He parted her legs and began to gently stroke her inner legs, getting higher and higher until his knuckles brushed against her swollen, panty-covered pussy. 

He crouched down behind her and she felt his tongue make contact with the back of her thighs. His talented lips kissed and nibbled her in all the right places making Victoria weak in the knees. She felt his teeth grab on to the fabric of her panties, pulling the material slowly down her legs. 

Impatient to continue, the officer pulled her panties down the rest of the way and slid them over her heels. Spreading her legs he got an enticing view of her perfect ass and tight, wet pussy. Slowly, ever so slowly, he traced his tongue over her swollen lips and back up and over her ass. 

Victoria shuddered at the feel of his tongue on her pussy and ass. She wanted more, wanted to feel his tongue flicking her clit, to feel it buried deep inside her pussy until she had another breath-taking orgasm...and he obliged. 

His talented tongue played over her pussy, torturing Victoria's clit with sweet slow ecstasy, each lick bringing her closer and closer to the brink. Every so often he would wonder back up to her perfect little rosebud, licking and kissing her sweet ass causing tremors of delight to sweep over her. 

"Oh fuck" Victoria moaned as the officer's long tongue found its way to the opening of her pussy and forced itself inside with long slow strokes. 

Suddenly his tongue was gone and the officer stood up, pulled Victoria up from lying on the cruiser and turned her to face him. He unzipped his pants and freed his gorgeous cock. 

"Baby, it's time to show me what the hot little mouth of yours can do" he said as he forced her to squat down in front of him, her legs splayed wide and her dripping pussy in full view.

Victoria gazed at the officer's huge prick, her mouth watering at the sight of it. Slowly she licked him from base to tip and she heard a guttural moan escape his lips.

She grabbed his cock with her still handcuffed hands and began to suck him in long, slow motions. Victoria took as much of him in her mouth as she could but he was just too big. She used her hands to help her as her lips bobbed up and down on his magnificent shaft. 

Victoria's hands continued their assault on his cock as she moved her lips to his balls. She tickled them with her tongue and then slowly sucked on his cum filled balls one at a time. 

Returning to his cock, she licked and sucked every last inch, slowly increasing speed. Victoria's hot wet mouth bobbed up and down getting closer and closer to the base of his huge cock. All the while his hand was on the back of her head, guiding her, making her go faster as he talked dirty to her.

"That's it baby. Suck that fucking cock. I'm gonna cum in your mouth you dirty little girl." He said as watched her mouth work its magic on his prick. 

Victoria continued her oral attack on his shaft sensing that he was ready to cum at any moment. Her mouth and hands picked up speed as she felt his cock jerk, and heard him growl and his orgasm hit him full force. Wave after wave of cum coated the inside of her mouth and she loved it. 

"Fuck baby, that was amazing." He said after he finally disengaged her from his still rock hard cock. 

Officer Hottie pulled Victoria to her feet and kissed her forcefully as he laid her on the hood of his cruiser. His hands returned to playing with her tits and pussy, making her hotter and wetter until she thought she would scream.

He took his cock and rubbed it up and down her wet slit, hitting her clit time and time again. Slowly, he pushed the head of his cock inside her and then stopped, pulled it out again and tortured her clit some more. He did this over and over again until Victoria was begging for release.

"Please" she cried, no longer able to take the pleasure pain he was inflicting on her. 

"Please what? Tell me what you want little girl...exactly what you want." He said, his blue eyes penetrating her.

"Please fuck me. I want your cock in my pussy. I want to cum all over your fucking prick." 

With that the officer drove his cock deep inside Victoria's wet and willing pussy, until his balls where touching her ass. She yelped in surprise at the suddenness of it all but it felt so good. His cock filled her perfectly. 

Slowly he began to move inside her, long leisurely strokes that made Victoria's body quake with desire. She wanted more, she wanted hard fast fucking but he was taking his sweet time. 

Victoria sat up and threw her cuffed hands behind the officer's head and pulled him in for a savage kiss. It had the desired affecting because he began moving his cock inside her faster, harder, matching the pace of their battling tongues. 

She wanted to cum and she wanted to cum now so Victoria wrapped her legs around the officer's waist, pulling him in closer, trying to increase the speed of his thrusts but he was having none of it. 

"Fuck me! Make me cum!" she cried as she pulled away from their kiss.

Officer Hottie went deadly still. He stared at her with his intense blue eyes and her heart skipped a beat. 

"You'll cum when I say you cum little girl. Do you understand?"

All Victoria could do was nod. Instead of being turned off by his show of authority she was extremely turned on.

The officer resumed his long slow strokes never breaking eye contact with Victoria. The pleasure was incredible, the feelings intense as she gazed into his eyes while he fucked her pussy. 

Slowly, ever so slowly he began picking up the pace. Victoria was lost in a sea of sensual bliss. Her orgasm was building and she knew it was going to be like nothing she had ever experienced before. She closed her eyes for a split second when she felt his cock slam into her pussy all the way to the hilt. Her eyes flew open to see him scowling at her. 

"Do not fucking close your eyes. When you cum you will be looking at me because you are mine baby girl, are we clear?"

His words were almost enough to send her over the edge. Victoria loved the power he had over her. Officer Hottie must have sensed her need to be controlled.

This time, when he began moving his cock inside her it was hard and forceful, each stroke sharp, strong, quick. With one hand he grabbed her cuffed hands and held them over her head while the fingers of the other hand began playing with her clit. He dipped his head down to take one nipple, and then the other into his mouth.

Victoria arched her back, pushing nipple deeper into his mouth. She was very careful not to take her eyes off of him because she need to cum so badly and she was getting so close. 

Officer Hottie pulled back from her tits as his talented cock and fingers worked their magic on her swollen pussy. His eyes never left hers, his gaze an added aphrodisiac. 

Her breath was coming in slow shallow gasps and her pleasure heightened. She was close, ever so close to what she knew was going to be the best orgasm of her life. 

As if sensing her predicament, his cock and fingers began moving faster and faster causing jolts of electricity to shoot through Victoria's body. She began to shake, her body ready to explode from the glorious pressure building up inside of her. 

"That's it little girl. Are you ready? Ready to cum for me?" he asked as if he didn't already know. 

"Yes!" she screamed, awaiting her release.

"Then cum for me...NOW!" he demanded.

His words were all it took and Victoria was gone. Her orgasm slammed into her full force and it was all she could do to breathe. She felt his cock slamming into her, his cum filling her throbbing pussy as she screamed from the intensity of it all. She heard him growling from the strength of his own orgasm as she slipped into unconsciousness.

When Victoria came to she looked up and saw the officer staring at her, a very self-satisfied smile splayed across his face. He grabbed her cuffed arms and slowly pulled her up. He unlocked the cuffs and rubbed her wrists where they had dug into her skin leaving faint red marks. 

She slowly eased off his car, unsure if her legs would hold her following such an intense experience. The officer had already returned his beautiful cock inside his pants and had his gun belt back on so he helped find all her clothes. Once they were all located he helped her step back into her panties and pulled them up her long sleek legs, trapping his cum inside her. 

He stood and pulled her to him for another kiss when his radio came to life yet again.

"Attention all units, have a possible burglary in progress at 735 Beaver Dam Drive. Two suspects in the residence"

"Sorry love, duty calls" he said. With a quick kiss to her lips, he ran back to his cruiser and took off, lights flashing and sirens blaring. 

Victoria slowly got dressed and got back into her car. She sat there for a bit and replayed the whole event in her mind, reliving every minute of it. Finally coming back to reality she grabbed the ticket to see what the fine would be. Written across the ticket was "Love you sexy, see you at home!" Damn, it's good to be married to a cop! ;)