 Hi my name is Tim and this is my first attempt at putting pen to paper to document some of my swinging adventures, I hope you all enjoy my reminiscing.

I have always loved the taste of a woman's wet juicy pussy! 

Loved the feel of my tongue sliding between the sexy soft folds of erotically smooth pussy lips! 

But as a married man my options for tasting other than my wife's pussy were limited to say the least. 

Until we started swinging! (how this came about is a story in itself)

There have been many adventures, many sexy moments, many potential stories. This is merely one!

Sex between my wife and I had always been fun and exciting but not in any way kinky.

My tastes have developed as our swinging gained momentum. 

The first time we met J & J was magic, male J and my wife D went off to the spa to play and I started to play with lady J for the first time. 

After kissing passionately for some time and groping each other in the excitement of the moment I had my first touch of her pussy, and it was WET, as I fingered her sopping wet softness I felt a gush of liquid that soon formed a large puddle between her legs where we were standing! (I had never encountered a squirter before.)

After looking at my soaked hand in surprise for a moment, I of course bought it to my mouth and licked and sucked my fingers... fucking yum!!

She said she had never cum so quickly or hard before, we just clicked from that moment,

She took me to her room and we stripped each other hastily and fell on the bed.

After kissing and fondling and getting to know each other a bit more, chatting about inconsequential, I kissed my way down her sexy body, sucking on her hard nipples, biting them gently as she moaned. I continued kissing my may past her tummy to her amazing pussy. She pulled her legs high and opened herself to me as I licked from her tight ass to her clit several times, enjoying her moans as much as her taste.

I fingered her in earnest as I ate her hungrily, sucking hard on her clit as I fingered her, curling my finger inside her to find her hidden pleasure spot!

Suddenly she arched her back and screamed and literally flooded my face with her cum, I wasn't surprised this time and opened my mouth to drink my fill, I swallowed it by the mouthful, in heaven drinking her nectar!

When she finally came down she just grinned at me and pulled me to her, kissing me deeply, loving the taste of herself on my mouth.

She then rolled me over and literally pounced onto my cock, I'm average size, around 6" and thick, she took me all the way into her warm wet mouth in one go gagging only slightly. She held me there momentarily before starting to suck my throbbing cock in earnest. 

She was very good, taking me deep then coming up my shaft, lips tight, sealed and holding a vacuum as she rose. Them pumping her fist up and down my slick cock fast before devouring me again.

I couldn't stand much of this hard fast action and told her I was close to cumming, she just moaned on my cock and and fucked her mouth on my cock even harder.

I held myself as long as I could, building the pleasure until it couldn't be contained any more. I exploded in her mouth, filling it with shot after shot of cum. She swallowed it all without hesitating, moaning the whole time. 

As my orgasm finally stopped she slowed her pace but still sucking hard, I shivered in almost painful pleasure blasts as she sucked up to the head!

She then kissed me deeply, and I tasted my cum on her tongue, she had saved some to share.

We lay together caressing and fondling, kissing and fingering and stroking. 

Eventually her ministration brought my cock back to life and I hardened in her hands.

She pulled me on top of her and my cock slipped easily and fully into her wet slippery pussy, her excitement was contagious, infectious. I fucked her hard, fast and deep. Feeling her nails biting into my back. I lifted her legs high, ankles in my hands, knees either side of her head.

She felt very tight in this position as my cock pressed hard again the front of her pussy.

Suddenly she screamed and a huge squirt of cum gushed from her pussy, looking just like a stream of piss, it arced high and landed on her chin, seeing this I quickly lifted her legs a little more and the stream of cum then landed in her open mouth!

Fuck! I was in heaven seeing her drink her own cum directly from the source.

As her stream diminished I started to feel the familiar tingle start in my balls and spread into my stomach as I again tried to prolong my orgasm, my momentary control disappeared as I filled her waiting pussy with cum!

My softening cock slipped from her now very messy pussy as I slid again down her body. 

I pushed her legs high and wide as I licked her pussy deeply, taking all of our combined love juices I could find into my mouth, I swallowed most of it then kissed her deeply, all of our juices commingling in our mouths as we passionately concluded our first meeting!

My wife had fun that night with male J, but damn, I had a fucking blast with lady J!!

There were many other super hot encounters with this wonderful woman that just got kinkier as we got more comfortable with each other and our trust grew...