 Andrew looked at himself in the mirror, straightened his tie and left the men's room of the Meadow Side Hotel ready to meet Ronnie for the second stage of the interview process. He had unusually enjoyed the last interview with her as he was not expecting to be interviewed by a woman and instantly took a liking to the lady who may soon become his new boss.

Ronnie was standing at the reception in a tight-fitting red dress. She often wore red, it made her feel sexy and powerful. She was never afraid to speak her mind and this had given her the nickname 'the bit-h in red' among her workers, but none were brave enough to call her it to her face. Again she didn't mind. In fact, she quite enjoyed it.

Andrew walked up to Ronnie, "Good mooring Andrew, nice to see you again," she said shaking his hand.

"Thank you, Ronnie, nice to see you too" replied Andrew trying hard to keep eye contact which was increasingly hard due to Ronnie's large breasts being shown off perfectly by her tight dress. Ronnie realised this instantly and arched her back to make her curves more prominent.

Ronnie led the way to the table. Andrew followed looking at her round arse which again was shown off perfectly by her dress.

They sat down.

"Now Andrew, we were very impressed with your previous interview, and I am very keen to have you working under me."

Andrew tried to keep a straight face at Ronnie's innuendo.

She slipped off one of her red high heeled shoes and started to rub her foot up and down Andrew's leg.

"Now perhaps you could tell me more about what you have to offer?" As she said this her foot moved up higher in between his legs and started to tease him with her foot.

Andrew twitched at the first then he gulped. "err well I am very good under pressure" he said.

"Go on," said Ronnie stroking her foot up and down his throbbing member.

"Yes, and I am a good team player".

"Interesting" replied Ronnie leaning forward making sure that Andrew saw right down her dress "and what do you expect me to give you" she continued with a smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye.

"Excuse me I need to use the gents," said Andrew and rushed off.

He ran straight to the gents and splashed cold water on his face.

Suddenly a hand was over his mouth and he was pulled into a cubical. He turned to see Ronnie who locked the door smiled and said.

"We haven't finished the interview," she said giggling and reaching inside his trousers.

Andrew was shocked and stood still for a couple of seconds. Then he realised he might never get an opportunity like this again so lifted up Ronnie's dress to reveal stockings and suspenders, and a tiny black thong.

He put his right hand down between her legs feeling her smooth wet pussy through the wet thong.

He groaned with pleasure as she opened his trousers and let them fall to the floor.

No sooner had they fallen Ronnie knelt down and started sucking on his huge hard cock.

He pulled her head back and forth pushing his cock deeper into her throat.

Tears trickled down her face making her mascara run. He pulled her head back and pulled his cock out of her mouth. The head of his cock was glistening with her saliva and his pre-cum.

Ronnie giggled again and licked his pre-cum off his cock hole with the tip of her tongue.

"My turn," said Ronnie standing up and pulled aside her thong.

Andrew knelt down and started to kiss the tops of her thighs. This was surprisingly erotic to Ronnie who was expecting him to dive right in and go straight for her clitoris, but this, this just heightened her expectation and pleasure.

He moved up to her labia and still the tease continued. He gently licked each of her labia barely touching them. This drove Ronnie wild, then he licked along her slit just penetrating her pussy. She could take it no more and pushed his head making him lick her clitoris. The wait made the event even more pleasurable than she could have ever imagined.

She moaned with pleasure as she got closer to her orgasm. She could feel it coming so quickly after all that anticipation. She tried to control herself but it was too late she came and squirted letting out a scream of pleasure. Ronnie looked down to see Andrew covered in her juices.

He stood up and turned her around bent her over pushing her face against the cubical wall. 

Andrew pushed his cock into Ronnie's soaking wet pussy fucking her hard. Ronnie made no protest. His hands moved to her breasts and squeezed them hard. Ronnie pushed back onto his hard cock.

"Yes fuck me, fuck me hard do what you want I'm yours."

Andrew got even harder and Ronnie could tell he was about to cum. And this made her feel so good and knew she was also on her way to a second orgasm.

They came together both unable to contain their ecstasy screaming in pleasure and their juices mixed.

Ronnie adjusted her clothing.

"Congratulations Andrew you have shown me all I need to know. You can start Monday."

She walked out feeling very hot and extremely satisfied. Leaving Andrew in a very similar state plus a new job.