 I've come home, I can hear my baby girl in the kitchen humming a little tune and when I walk in and see your butt peeking out from under one of my tshirts I can tell, that's all you're wearing...

I sneak behind you and run my hands up your back under the shirt, they slide around, one cups a soft breast; my thumb running around and over the nipple, and the other dips between your legs, making you giggle and stop what you're doing as my fingers run up and down either side of your little slit...

You arch your back a little, pressing your now tingling mound into the palm of my hand and letting out a little sigh as my middle finger slips between the soft petals of your flower and grazes over your clit, you bite your lip as I pull you against me and you can feel my hot breath on your ear...

I release you and plant a hand in the middle of your back, sweeping the bench in front of you bare before pushing you face down on the cold surface. The tshirt has ridden up over your arse as it pokes out at me, perky and teasing... I bring my hand down across it hard making you yelp and jerk, but I keep you pressed down as I can see your little pink pussy beginning to swell and moisten...

I spank you again, and admire the light hand print it leaves; again, harder, and the print is darker, and warm as I press my cheek against your butt... I kiss the mark, pushing my hot breath between your thighs as I lift one leg up onto the bench, spreading you open before me, and I run my tongue up the inside of your thigh and stab it deep into your aching hole...

You moan and lay your face on the counter top, your breath leaving a misty trail on the glazed surface as my tongue runs around the edges of your tight pussy and my two fingers work their way inside you, my tongue envelopes your clit, soaking it in my drool and dragging the rough flat hard over the swollen little nub...

I'm flicking backward and forward over your throbbing sex and my fingers are building a tempo in your insides, I can feel you shuddering and losing control, and the pans on the bench start to rattle as your breath is coming in pants and you try to fuck back onto my tongue harder and harder... You lose it, grabbing at the bench as the crescendo of pleasure reaches its peak and explodes from inside you, a harsh cry escapes your throat as you flood my mouth with your ecstasy and I hold you down for many more blissful seconds as my tongue and fingertips fuck you to pieces...

And that's before dinner... 

We've eaten, the bench has been cleared, you giggling to yourself as you wiped your body print from the glass. 

I can hear the shower running and poke my head in, you're in there with your back to me, warm water streaming down your hair as you hold a sponge over your head and squeeze the suds out over your sumptuous curves...

You hear my belt buckle clatter as my clothes drop to the floor and you smile but you don't turn around. My feet splash as I join you, my hands again sliding up your sides and around to your breasts, squeezing gently and tweaking your nipples a little... You reach behind you to where you can feel my thick erection pressing between your butt cheeks and wrap one soapy hand around him, slowly pumping along his entire length...

A little moan escapes my lips and I drop one hand from your breasts to your little snatch, the heat assuring me that not all the wetness is the showers fault... My fingers simultaneously spread you and enter you, and I bring your sweetness between my lips to taste...

Your saltiness on my tongue galvanises me from my semi euphoria and I push you up against the glass, your breasts pressing perfect circles in the steam as I pull your ass back, keeping your face against the cold hard surface... I spread your legs on the slippery tiles while holding you up with my powerful arms and I feel you reach back to guide my cock into your aching hole..

I drive forward, entering and filling you in an instant, your pussy and ass squelching with your own wetness and the water still cascading over our bodies like hot rain, you cry out at the sudden impaling but your hand is still on my cock as it pounds into your arched body...

My hand reaches down to your distended slit and my fingers close cruelly on your clit, pinching and flicking as my thick rod pistons in and out of you, both your hands are on the glass now and it is all you can do to stay upright against the merciless pounding... The wave of pure passion is swelling as my other hand closes around your throat and just as you begin to choke, I feel your sodden little pussy clench and buck, fucking back at me as you explode with a long, drawn out gasping wail...

I'm not done with you, I want that throat engulfing my still unsatisfied cock... I let your shaking form drop to the tiles and hold your face up, pressing my dripping dick between your panting lips and sliding it down your neck...

I start to fuck, supporting your head with both hands as foam starts to form around your mouth and dribble down, stringing onto your breasts as they bounce with the motion of my thrusts... I'm getting more frantic, knowing I can't last long... My balls are smacking your face and you, hot little freak that you are, reach behind me and grab my ass cheeks wanting me deeper, harder... I can't hold on anymore and i push your kneeling body against the wall, nailing your head to the tiles with my wildly spasming cock as wave after wave of my hot cum floods your throat...

My softening shaft slips from between your cheeks and you balance him on the tip of your tongue as the last dribbles of my salt slide down its pink groove and pools in your throat for a moment before being gulped down. I sink to the floor and pull you down beside me, my lips searching out yours as our trembling bodies entwine, and I taste the last traces of myself on your mouth as we lick and kiss eachother clean, the warm drumming rain from the shower head drowning the outside world and we dissolve into a blissful puddle of cum and hot water...