 I finished drying my long, red hair and turned away from my naked reflection in the full length mirror.

 Tonight, my lover would finally be arriving home. Before he'd left for his business trip, I'd told him I wanted him to be a bit more dominant in the bedroom. Nothing extreme, just taking the lead, giving orders. He told me he'd think about it, then had sent me a short text this morning. It had directions to greet him in a dress and no underwear. Aiden was rarely so brusque, but I was craving him, and the simple yet stern order had kept my pussy wet all day.

 I was aching to be filled by him. If he didn't arrive soon, I'd have to start without him.

 Glancing anxiously at the clock, I pulled an extremely thin, mint green dress over my naked body. The skirt landed just above my knees, and the silken material of the deep v-neck barely covered my nipples. Staring at myself in the mirror, I brushed my hands gently over my tits, causing my nipples to perk up a bit. I could see everything through this material.

 Aiden would not be able to resist me.

 I walked down the stairs to the kitchen, and put on a pot of water to boil. I stood there, day dreaming of being reunited once more with Aiden, in the way I never knew I craved until he showed me. Standing there over the steaming water, I felt my wetness begin to trickle down my leg. Before I could reach for a towel, I noticed that the water was boiling. I sighed and poured in some pasta, then grabbed a spoon and stirred.

 As the pasta began to soften, the noise as I stirred brought me into more daydreams of Aiden. I sighed wistfully, and turned off the heat on the stove and carried the pot to the sink and drained the now fully cooked pasta. As I was placing the empty pot on a back burner, I heard a key turn in the lock behind me. I froze and felt my body tense up in anticipation. The door to the kitchen opened and I felt the cool winter air blow into the room, causing a rush of goosebumps on my skin and the instant hardening of my barely-covered nipples.

 I heard the door shut and the sound of Aiden sliding off his boots. The silence was thick and charged with sexual tension already.

 "Hello, Noelle," he said in his soothing voice that I'd missed so much.

 I whirled to see Aiden standing in his socks on the rug. He was holding his winter jacket in his hands and wearing a white oxford shirt tucked into dark slacks, with a blue necktie laying crookedly on his broad chest. His brown hair was windblown, and he hadn't shaved in several days.

 "Hello, Aiden," I practically groaned, staring at him hungrily, and wishing he was already inside me.

 He laughed, hearing the tone of my voice. Draping his jacket over the back of one of the kitchen chairs, he began to walk towards me slowly. "Did my text turn you on that much?" he asked, cocking his head to one side playfully.

 "You have no idea," I whispered. His eyes dropped to my mostly bare chest, and he smirked at the sight of my nipples pointing straight at him through the fabric of my dress.

 "I think I can tell," he murmured.

 Unable to take it anymore, I reach out and grabbed his tie, pulling him to me. Aidan's hands tangled in my hair as I kissed him passionately. I ran my hands down his chest and around his back, pulling him closer. His hands went to my shoulders, and he pushed me back a bit.

 "What about the dinner you were making?" he asked, glancing at the sink where the pasta sat in a strainer.

 "It's reheatable, and I'm not hungry for food." I said, grabbing his face and turning it so he was looking directly into my eyes. We stared at each other, my green eyes soaking up the sight of his dark brown ones, the hot tension between us melting my muscles and pushing away the chill left from when he came in from the winter air.

 With a groan, he grabbed my waist and whirled me around so that I was facing the counter. He pulled me to him so that I could feel his erection pressing against my ass, and I sighed happily. He reached around and began fondling my tits as he nipped at my neck. He pinched my nipples through the thin fabric of my dress and pulled, causing me to yelp. He continued kissing me and groping me, and I felt my wetness again running down my legs. One hand began to trail down, and he brushed my hip.

 Without warning, he slapped my ass, hard. I cried out and he did it again, twice in quick succession. Then, as I whimpered and squirmed, Aiden pressed his hand between my shoulder blades, causing me to bend so that my torso was resting on the kitchen counter. He ran his hands down my sides and I felt him flip up my skirt. I moaned as his hands caressed my ass, then he slipped a finger lower, between my sopping wet pussy lips.

 "Oh, Noelle, you naughty girl," Aiden whispered. I shivered as I felt his breath tease my swollen clit, which he teased gently with one finger. I moaned and spread my legs a bit further.

 "Please, Aiden, please make me cum." I begged. I heard him chuckle softly.

 I felt his hands grab my ass cheeks and spread them. Then, I felt his tongue brush against my asshole. I jerked in surprise and cried, "Aiden, what-?!" until he started really pushing his tongue against it. I gasped and moaned. I had never had someone lick my asshole before, and it felt surprisingly amazing. Before I could gather my thoughts, Aiden moved lower, and his nose was brushing my asshole while his tongue lapped at my dripping pussy lips. He began thrusting his tongue inside, and I moaned, pushing my hips back toward his face. One of his hands reached up and began rubbing at my clit as he continued to hungrily eat out my cunt. My moaning grew louder, and I felt myself beginning to clench.

 "Oh, Aiden! Oh I'm about to-" I broke of with a deep, guttural cry as I found my release. My legs shook, and Aiden steadied my waist with his warm hands. Before I could catch my breath, he stood and I heard him unzip his pants. He grabbed my waist, and with one thrust, I felt his cock fill my still quivering pussy. I cried out in ecstasy as he gave a guttural groan and began fucking me.

 Squeezing my hips, he grunted out, "Oh fuck, Noelle." He ran his hands up and down my sides as my hands clutched the counter. He began to move faster, jolting me forward with each thrust. His hands reached around and found my tits, and pulled them out of the low neck. He pinched my nipples again and continued fucking me from behind, filling me with his hot, thick cock. There was not a moment of silence, between my cries and moans, his panting and groans, and the wet slapping sound of him repeatedly filling me.

 I could tell he was close, and I wanted to cum again, too. I reached down and began furiously rubbing my clit as Aiden's fucking grew harder and faster. He released one of my tits to grab a handful of my hair and pull my head back so he could bury his face in my neck.

 There was so much sensation, between the cool counter under my torso, one of his hands on my tits and the other in my hair, his stubble and lips on my neck, my finger on my clit, and him filling my pussy that had been aching for him for so long - and then I felt his cock jerk and heard his cry as he began to cum, and I couldn't help but go with him. I cried out as he thrust himself deep inside me and I felt his cum filling me as the waves of my own orgasm pushed it right back out around him.

 Finally, we were both quiet, panting, me leaning against the kitchen counter and him resting against my back, his hands gently caressing my waist. Slowly, he pulled out and I groaned at the loss of him inside me. He took my hand and led me into the living room, where he took off his pants and laid down on the couch, then pulled me down next to him.

 Soon, he was asleep, and I felt myself drifting off as well, comfortable and warm, finally in his arms again. Disappointed that our reunion hadn't lasted longer, I reached back and grasped his cock and gave it a pull. He snapped to and grabbed my wrist, pinning my arms in front of me. Kissing my cheek, he whispered, "I'm going to have to teach you some patience, Noelle. Let's get some rest before then."

 I moaned and felt a rush of warmth between my legs, then smiled at the thought of what he might have planned to teach me.

 Aiden was home, and we had all the time in the world for me to learn. I could wait for the length of a nap.