 What a fabulously nasty and erotic idea! He read it somewhere. When he suggested it to me, I loved the idea immediately. I followed his directions to the letter. 

I went to the ladies room and removed my panties, pausing to rub the crotch all over my wet pussy so he could really smell me on them. I pulled my pants back on and went to the conference room where he sat reading the newspaper. I discreetly handed them to him. He put them in his pocket and went to the men’s room. 

Several minutes later, he found me. He handed them back to me discreetly. I returned to the ladies room and slipped off my pants. I unrolled the panties and looked at the crotch. It was coated with his thick sticky cum. I brought them to my face and breathed deeply, taking in the musky scent of his spunk. I stuck my tongue out and tasted a little.

‘Damn,’ I thought. ‘I’d love to suck his cock until he shoots this whole load down my throat!’

I slipped the panties back on. I sat down on the toilet and pressed the crotch against my pussy. I began to rub myself through the silky material, getting his cum all over my hot pink lips. 

‘Jesus, this is so nasty.’ I thought. ‘And I love it! I feel like such a slut!’ In my mind, I heard his voice say, “You say that like it’s a BAD thing” and I laughed.

I slipped my hand down inside my panties and began to tease my swollen clit, caressing it with my fingers and squeezing it gently between my finger and my thumb. 

I tilted my head back and closed my eyes. I envisioned him in the men’s room, only moment’s before, bringing the crotch of my panties to his face, breathing in the sweet sexy scent of my pussy, knowing it was my desire for him that made them so wet. 

Did he know how badly my body ached for him? Did he have any idea how my skin tingled at the mere thought of his touch? Could he even begin to imagine how many times I had masturbated, bringing myself to the most exquisite orgasms, while fantasies of making love to him in every imaginable way played out in my head? 

In my mind I could see him wrap the silky material of my wet panties around his cock and begin to rub it up and down his hard shaft.  Did he think about me as he masturbated? Did he imagine me watching him? Did he fantasize about sucking my hard nipples, fingering my tight asshole? Did he imagine sliding his hard dick in and out of my hot, wet cunt? Did he think of my warm, soft mouth engulfing his throbbing cock, licking and sucking him to orgasm? Does he want me half as much as I want him?

I ran my fingers up and down my juicy slit, coating them with my wetness and his cum. I spread it all over my pussy. My finger found my clit again and I resumed stroking it, teasing it. My pussy was on fire! First, I pictured him watching me. Then I imagined myself, totally naked, bent over the sink as he fondled my soft breasts and fucked me from behind. I could almost feel him sliding in and out of my dripping snatch, his balls slapping against my ass as his strokes became more insistent. I could hear him panting as his orgasm approached. I could hear him moan as I squeezed his stiff cock inside me. I could hear him grunt and feel him slam into me one last time, shooting a load of hot cum inside me. I bit my lower lip to stifle the moan that was trying to escape me as a tremendous orgasm took hold of my body, causing me to tremble and whimper. 

I removed my hand from my panties and slowly licked my fingers, savoring the flavor of his cum mixed with mine. I stood up and straightened my clothing, washed my hands and ran my fingers through my hair. I stared at my reflection in the mirror. My cheeks were flushed. 

‘The healthy glow of woman who just had one hell of an orgasm.’ I thought, laughing to myself. And I wondered if anyone else would notice.

I left the ladies room and returned to my workstation. He walked by my desk, leaned in and asked, “So how’s that workin’ for ya?”

I gave him a wink and a sly grin in response.

Who would guess, as we went on with our work, that my pussy was covered with his cum? 

I spent the afternoon at my computer, wriggling in my chair, enjoying our dirty little secret.