 I met Sophie at a party, and, to say the least, we got along very well - but that is another story.

I had gotten her number, although we hadn't hung out or even texted since. The other night, however, she texted me at 2 in the morning:

"ive been thinkin bout ur cum. can i have more?"

Coincidentally I was up late at the time wanking so my reply was prompt and positive.

"can u cum now?" read her next text.

Well, seeing as it was a Friday night, I didn't see why not. She sent me her address, which turned out to be only a ten minute drive away and I jumped into my car.

Her house was not hard to find and was impressive from the outside as I climbed the front steps. Knocking, I heard light footsteps from within before the lock clicked, the knob turned and the door swung open. She was standing there smiling at me, looking absolutely ravishing. Her dark hair cascaded over her tan shoulders, leading my eyes to her round, perky breasts, filling a lacy bra to the brim and then some.

Her midriff was naked and toned, beneath which she had on a tight miniskirt, stretched around her mouth-watering bubble butt, ending well above the tops of her thigh-high stockings.

She grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me into a deep kiss as she swung the door shut behind me. My hands immediately began roaming her body as she broke the kiss to lift my shirt over my head.

"Do you live here alone?" I asked as she pressed her lips to my chest.

"No," she said, "but my housemates are out for the night."

Stepping backwards, she turned and walked deeper into the house, looking over her shoulder to make sure I was following, flashing a cheeky grin when she saw the way I was watching her ass sway.

She turned into a room on the right. It was femininely decorated, with posters of bands and butterflies, stuffed toys and shades of pink and purple everywhere.

I followed her in, straight over to her bed which she climbed onto, spinning around on her knees to embrace me as I reached the edge of it, kissing me deeply again.

She held me tightly and began to lean backwards, pulling me on top of her as we made out, grinding against each other lustfully.

I rolled over, carrying her with me until she was straddling me, at which point she sat up, biting her lip as she looked down at me and ground her crotch against mine slowly, teasing, as her delicate hands undid my belt.

She rose to kneel in front of me, and I lifted my hips to help her pull my pants down. My shoes were still on, but she slipped them off easily before removing my pants and socks, leaving me naked before her.

Grinning cheekily she reached out to wrap her hand around my dick.

"Mmm, I remember this guy soooo well," she said, before sliding the head in between her lips and sucking hungrily as she pumped her fist up and down the shaft.

"Fuck, Sophie, that feels amazing," I told her, before she looked me in the eye and slurped my entire length into her mouth and down her throat, moaning as she did so, causing tingling sensations to ripple through my body.

I sat up as she came up for air, a strand of saliva extending from her bottom lip to the tip of my cock.

Wrapping my fingers in her hair, I guided her mouth back to my dick and she happily let me slide myself back deep into her throat.

"God, I love your dick," she said as I pulled her back, off me again.

She rocked forwards on her hips to kiss my belly as she pressed her chest against my manhood. I reached behind her and unclipped her bra, pulling the straps over her shoulders as she held her breasts tight either side of my slimy dick and began to slide them up and down.

I moaned out loud and her expression told me she knew how much pleasure I was feeling.

"Do you like fucking my tits?" she asked.

"Oh fuck yes," I answered, both hands buried in her hair, as she rose and fell in front of me.

As she looked up at me she licked her upper lip sensually and I pulled down with my hands, angling her mouth back onto my hard cock, her lips sliding right down to the base as her soft, slick, throat enveloped me.

I moaned out loud as my hips bucked forward involuntarily and she moaned in response, one hand on my waist, holding herself firmly in place and the other having found its way to my balls, cradling them gently.

Making eye contact she pulled back until only the head was in her mouth before sucking all down one side and then licking my ball sack as her hand moved to run up and down my hard, wet, member.

Temporarily immobilised by the amazing sensations I soon regained full awareness and, hands still in her hair, I pulled her back up to straddle me again, noticing, this time, her hairless naked pussy as her skirt rode up.

Placing one hand on her ass, and reaching down to explore her nether lips with the other I pulled her against me, as we resumed our passionate kiss and she emitted faint sensual moans.

I raised her ass up slightly and directed my dick to the opening of her sweet pussy before she lowered herself, oh so slowly, onto my length, taking each inch with a soft sigh and a slight bounce until I was buried deep inside her.

I reclined, taking in the sight of Sophie, topless, with her tight miniskirt now ridden well up around her waist, her pussy lips spread around my cock, her stocking-clad thighs pressed against my own. She leaned forward, her hands resting on my shoulders as her hair fell, framing her face, her eyes meeting mine as she began to slowly rock back and forth.

Her pace increased incrementally until she was truly bouncing up and down, her tits bounding, her mouth hanging open and her head tilted back. She had her eyes screwed shut and was moaning like a porn star every time her ass slapped my thighs, my dick thrusting deep within her.

I grabbed her arms and rolled her onto her back, lifted her legs over my shoulders and ground against her, feeling myself slide even deeper. She clasped my arms as they held her legs in place and I began to fuck her hard and fast as we both slowly slid across her bed, bit by bit, with each plunge.

"I'm going to cum!" I announced, worried that this was all happening too fast.

"Yes!" she said, "Cum all over my slutty tits! Cover me with your jizz, I want it so bad!"

I pulled out and clambered between her legs, straddling her belly as she clamped her amazing breasts once more around my cock.

I didn't have to fuck them for long before my dick felt like it caught on fire as spurt after spurt of hot cum erupted over her chest, covering her neck, tits and hands with my cum.

As I finished, she held me firmly between her boobs for a moment longer, not sliding up and down, but gently smooshing her breasts around me, as I twitched between them, the last drops of cum oozing out.

Rocking back on my heels, my dick trailing along her belly, I watched as she ran her hands over her breasts, collecting the cum in danger of sliding off to the bed and licking it from her fingers, clearly enjoying the look in my eyes. She then beckoned for me to lean forward and she sucked my juicy dick into her mouth, like a vacuum, cleaning it of my sperm as she moaned in enjoyment.

"Mmm, I love the taste of your cum," she said, "it turns me on so much."

I was speechless as I dismounted her and she proceeded to slide her fingers over her tits, rubbing my cum around, clearly deriving great pleasure from the sensation.

Gathering some on her index finger she sucked it into her mouth.

"I love being a naughty cum slut. Will you let me be yours?"

In response I edged closer again, letting her suck my dick back into her mouth, hungrily slurping at it as she continued to massage her own cum-coated breasts, eyes closed, moaning wantonly.