 I woke feeling incredibly horny. I subconsciously reached down towards my crotch when my fingers bumped into something. As the haze of sleep rapidly dissipated and I opened my eyes, I realised I was getting my dick sucked.

Sophie was looking up at me, her dark hair now tied back in a ponytail. She lifted her mouth off my dick and sat up slightly, sliding her fingertips up and down my hard, wet length, sensually as she said "Good morning!"

I replied in kind and with a smile she enveloped me in her mouth once more.

I cradled her head in my hands and lifted her again, wordlessly maneuvering her with gentle nudges and pushes until she caught on and she spread her legs over my face as she went back to work on my cock, moaning all over it as my tongue wriggled between her smooth pussy lips to find her clit, as I breathed deeply, enjoying the sexy smell of her arousal.

As I played her clit with my tongue I ran my hands over her body, realising she was still dressed the same as last night. Or perhaps I should say undressed, wearing only her dark thigh-high stockings, with no garter, and a tight miniskirt, which was more of a belt the way it had ridden up her waist.

She began to roll her hips, pushing into my face and I licked all along her pussy, extending my tongue to lick her out. She moaned again as I did this, and I felt her throat envelop me, as her lips slid all the way down to the base of my dick. I grabbed her juicy thighs tightly and moaned back as I continued to wag my tongue.

I felt her mouth slide back up again, before her tongue returned to whatever magic it does around my bellend, then back down, the amazing velvety warmth of her mouth causing me to buck my hips involuntarily.

I wrapped one hand right around her big ass, and rubbed my finger tip around her puckered pink asshole as she moaned more, the vibrations in her throat running through my entire body as my hips bucked again.

I slid my finger in, as far as the second knuckle. This time she lifted her mouth from my dick and jerked it vigorously with her hand as she sat up slightly, leaning backwards, trying to push her ass further onto my finger.

I, on the other hand, figured there were better ways to give her what she wanted, and I pulled my finger out, as she gasped in disappointment.

I pushed her ass up, and she climbed off me before I stood up next to the bed, extending an arm to her and standing her up. I kissed her before she broke the kiss to lick my face around my lips, tasting her own juices. As she did this my hands found their way to her gorgeous tits, and I began to massage them, before remembering that there was a task at hand. I wrapped the fingers of one hand in her hair, and applied pressure, lowering her to her knees, as she traced her lips and tongue down my chest and belly, her fingers already reaching down to wrap around my cock and cup my balls.

She looked up at me, once she was on her knees, sliding one hand slowly up and down my length as the other gently cradled my nuts, the head of my penis pressed against her cheek as she pouted.

"Can I please suck your dick?" She asked me, with big eyes.

At first I was so turned on that words didn't come.

"Please, will you let me be your slut? Will you let me slide it down my throat?"

"Yes, slut, suck my dick," I finally answered.

With a smirk and a giggle she slid the head across her cheek, leaving a shiny streak behind it, a mix of her saliva from before and my own precum, as she engulfed it between her lips. She jerked it fast as she sucked on the end, looking up at me with big eyes as she slowly slid more and more of it into her throat, until she had to remove her hand, almost reluctantly, in order to continue, finally resting her chin against my balls.

She reached up to where my hand was still holding her head, finger wrapped in her hair, and she pushed, getting me as far as she could into her throat.

I cottoned on quickly, and slid her back, until only the head was in her mouth, before sliding her all the way back down again. She moaned every time she felt her lips hit the base of my dick, and I soon knew that I didn't want to continue, for fear of coming too soon.

This time, when I pulled her back, I pulled her right off, and back to her feet, resisting the temptation to hold her close enough to drag her tits around my hard, slick cock. I wanted it to remain as slick as possible for the moment.

Kissing her forehead, I turned her around and bent her over the bed, as she arched her back and stuck her amazing booty up in the air.

Positioning myself behind her I pressed my dick against her ass.

"Oooh, yes, please fuck my ass!"

I was all too happy to oblige as I increased pressure until the slick head plopped in. I took a moment for us both to adjust to the sensation before sliding, slowly, further and further. Sophie was moaning quietly and I could see her hands scrunching the sheets beneath them. I stopped for a moment, worried I was hurting her, but she kept pushing back, herself, until I was balls deep in her ass. I gave it a firm, loud slap, and she cried out "YES!" as I began to slide out again, then back in.

Our pace picked up slowly until soon we were fucking hard and fast. I spanked her repeatedly, as her cheeks became rosy red, and she moaned loudly, encouraging me breathily to fuck her ass.

I could feel my orgasm approaching and I told her I was going to cum. She cried out, so loud I was grateful that her housemates were not there, as she bucked back into me. I reached one arm around her waist to play with her clit as I felt my cum rush up from my balls, spilling deep into her bowels. Her elbows buckled, and we both collapsed forward onto the bed, my hand pinned under her as I fingered her. She was quivering and moaning beneath me as my dick twitched and sprayed the last few jets of cum deep inside her as we lay still for a few moments.

It was a minute or so before Sophie finally spoke, "god, I love the feeling of your cock, stretching my ass, and your cum deep inside me, it makes me feel like such a dirty cum slut."

"Mmm, you are," I replied, "and you're my dirty cum slut."

She moaned her agreement. I moved to get off her, but she reached back, grabbing my ass with one of her hands "please, wait, let me feel you in my ass just a little longer. It feels so full, so naughty.."

I wasn't about to say no, and I stayed put. She ground back into me slightly, and I ground against her, too.

Just then we heard the front door open, and close. I moved again, but Sophie held me in place again, grinding sensually back against me.

Footsteps came through the house and then into a room adjacent. Then back out into the hallway.

"Hey, Soph?" came a feminine voice.

"Come in," she replied, still holding me in place, as she turned her head to face the doorway.

The doorknob turned, and my dick twitched as it swung open revealing Mel, a friend of Sophie's I'd met before, as her expression changed from confusion to surprise, to lust as she entered and closed the door behind her.