 I used to date this girl named Valerie. We were both no younger than 18 and probably no older than 20. She was drop dead gorgeous with a classic hourglass figure. Her skin was soft and pale and her hair was golden and silky smooth. Her breasts were perky and filled out large cups, whilst her waist tapered in, before flaring into graceful, sensual hips and a big, round ass.

I remember one night I was going to take her to a movie.

Oh, did I mention, Valerie loved to be my dirty cum slut.

I parked my car out the front of her house and walked to the door. Her father answered the door and we said hi, before she came prancing down the staircase. I wondered, as I often did, what her father thought of the way she dressed, as she whisked me out the door.

She was wearing a low-cut top that showed off her ample cleavage, with her most of her blonde hair held up in a sleek, sexy ponytail. Her breasts nearly spilled out of her tight black top, which ended right at the top of a short, tight, red leather skirt with knee-high leather boots.

She looked seductively over her shoulder at me as we walked to the car, swaying her hips so that I couldn't resist walking up behind her and grinding against her ass as we reached the car, pressing her against it.

Tearing myself away, we climbed in. Before I turned the key in the ignition, I leaned over to kiss her and she held my head tight as she kissed me back. Slowly I kissed my way to her ear, and then down to her chest, where I managed to suck on one of her nipples without hardly having to move her shirt aside.

Again I tore myself away and began to drive. As I did so, I felt her hand reach across and begin to rub my erection in my pants.

As I continued to drive I felt her fingers undoing the fly and reaching under the waistband of my pants to pull out my dick. It was already quite hard and she began to pump her hand up and down it as we drove. At one point, we were stopped at traffic lights, amongst other cars, and she leant down and began to suck my dick. I put my hand on the back of her head and applied pressure, sliding my dick back into her throat as she cradled my balls in her fingers.

The light went green and she sat straight again, a long strand of spit extending from my hard dick to her lip, which she caught on her finger, gently lifting it 'til it ran down onto her breast, where she began rubbing it in, all the way up to her mouth, where she sucked on her finger.

I was going crazy as I pulled into the parking lot at the mall, her fingers lightly stroking up and down my hard, slick member.

When I'd parked I got out quickly and walked around to the other side of the car, where she was getting out. Looking around, I saw that the parking lot was empty and reached around her as I embraced and kissed her, tangling my fingers in her hair and slowly leading her down to her knees in front of me.

I took off my jacket and gave it to her to kneel on.

She looked up at me with innocent, puppy-dog eyes as she undid my fly again and pulled my pants down.

"Do you want me to suck your dick?"

"Yes, suck my dick, I love it when you do."

"Do you like it when I'm your own little slut?"

"Fuck yes, I love how you get me off."

"Do you wanna fuck my tits?"

"Oh, please, wrap your boobs around me!"

She sucked me into her mouth again and bobbed my cock in and out of her throat a few times before pulling it out, slick again with her saliva.

Straightening her shoulders she slipped her shirt and bra straps over her shoulders and, cradling them in her hands, she held her tits tight around my erect dick as I began to buck my hips against her, grinding my dick between her breasts. It was so slick and amazing, as I felt her hot breath and lips against my stomach.

"Ohh, fuck my tits!"

"You're going to make me cum!" I said.

She pulled back, and, as I groaned in disapproval she leaned forward and bobbed her mouth on the head of my dick a few times, taking the shaft in her hand and stroking quickly up and down.

"I'm going to cum!"

She kneeled straight again, and, pulling her face off my cock, wrapped one of my own hands around it, to stroke, as she reached down for her shoulder straps.

"Cum in my bra cups. Cum in my bra so all through the movie I can feel your slimy cum on my tits. So I can be your naughty cum slut.."

Her talk turned me on so much I came almost straight away and she cooed as my cum filled first one, then the other, of her bra cups with a nice coating.

She giggled, looking up at me coyly as she put her bra and shirt back on properly, sensually giving her breasts a squeeze as she took my deflating member in her mouth and gave him a good 'thank-you' slurping.

She stood up quickly and handed me my jacket as we walked into the mall, me holding her close to my side, feeling her sexy curves move beside me.

When we were inside waiting in line I gave one of her boobs a gently squeeze and she moaned softly enough for only me to hear as she ground her hips against me.

When we were in the theatre we lifted the arm-rest between our seats and she leant over against me. As I wrapped my arm around her I felt a slimy moisture on her top, just beneath the cup of her bra. She wriggled into me as I rubbed my fingers around, feeling how my cum was drooling out of her bra and wetting her belly.

Needless to say I was soon hard again and she had my dick out of my pants in a flash.

While one of her hands was jerking me feverishly, the other one was rubbing her own breast through her bra and shirt, feeling her tit slide around in all my cum.

I reached around her side, down to her skirt, and began to stroke the pale white skin of her exposed thigh. As I worked my way higher, up her ass cheeks, I realised just how skimpy her outfit was. I was shocked, when I went for her pussy, to find she had on no panties at all, and was smooth as butter, as usual.

Naturally, I teased her, running my fingers over her labia as she wriggled her hips, trying to get leverage against my hand.

Dancing it out of her reach, I moved my hand higher and began to probe delicately around her smooth asshole.

She crooned gently and craned her mouth to my ear,

"Oooh, please fuck my ass, here in the cinema, and fill it with your cum!"

I didn't need convincing. She quickly repositioned herself over my lap and, reaching under us, aimed the head of my penis up her miniskirt and right to the mouth of her back door.

She lowered herself gently and I gasped in her ear as my dick slid in past her sphincter.

I put my hands on her hips and I began to rock my pelvis, working the head of my dick around inside her as she adjusted to my size.

Slowly, inch by inch, she worked her way down until she was sitting, innocuously, in my lap, with my dick buried deep inside her tight ass. I could feel it moving far inside her bowels as we began to rock quietly against each other in our corner of the theatre.

She moaned, breathily, and rasped for me to fill her deeper and harder as I pulled her head and shoulders downwards, impaling her squarely on my erection.

Our movements became shallower and faster and she began to make regular, quiet but audible moans as her hands aggressively rubbed her own cum-glazed breasts. I felt my orgasm mount as the backs of her legs were sliding over my lap and no sooner could I pull her hair firmly and grab her waist than I felt my cum spewing into her bowels.

She breathed deeply as she ground down into me, my cock growing soft in her ass.

She whispered in my ear "oooh, I love feeling your cum shoot deep inside of me, it makes me feel like such a good little slut!" In response, I clenched, making my dick twitch in her ass. She sighed deeply.

We stayed like that for the rest of the movie, as I occasionally would reach a finger into her bra and tease her nipple, before lifting it to her mouth for her to lick my cum off of it.

Near the end of the film she turned her head and began whispering naughty things in my ear again, how she loved feeling my dick in her ass, and how getting to lick my cum from my fingers after I collected it from her slutty tits was turning her on extra knowing that my cum was in her ass too. Hearing her wanton, slutty monologue I began to grow hard again, still in her ass. I began to gyrate against her again. This time, though, her butt was well-lubricated with my own cum and this time the affair was fast, hot and dirty.

She turned her head and sucked on my ear as I fucked her ass. I could feel her tongue's subtle vibrations as the moaned softly, between whispering filthy things.

"Mmm, ohh, yeah, fuck my ass, baby, god, I feel so sexy, ooh, oh fuck yeah, it feels so naughty, ooh, it's all so slippery with your cum. Oh, I love your cum, baby, all over my tits, oh, fuck my ass, cum in my ass again! I want more of your cum!"

I was soon pumping more jizz up her bowels, far into her tummy, as she ground her ass down, firmly, onto my dick.

Right as the movie ended, and the credits began, she got up slowly as my dick slid out of her ass. Standing up she pulled her skirt back down and adjusted her top as I put my junk away and we exited the cinema hastily.

Walking to the car she strode ahead of me, swaying her ass again, teasing me, knowing I could see the dribble of my cum running down the inside of her thigh, getting smeared, wetly, between her legs, as she looked back at me, over her shoulder, biting her bottom lip.