 **All characters over 18**

I remember once, when I was dating Valerie, we were hanging out at my place, sitting on the sofa, watching TV. Valerie was looking smoking hot, as always, with gorgeous blonde hair and a super-model waist sandwiched between pornstar tits and an ass of make-believe proportions.

She knew how much it got me off for her to tease me like a wanton slut, so she was wearing thigh-high stockings which stayed up with no garter and a miniskirt. Her belly was exposed, but her breasts were hidden, barely, behind a torn-off t-shirt which was struggling to hold its seams together.

Valerie grabbed my phone and used it to pull up a browser on the TV screen. She pulled up a link in an email of hers and put a video on full screen.

A girl appeared on the screen, dressed similar to Valerie, and stripping to dance music. Valerie, now standing in front of me, began to strip with the girl on the screen. When the strip finished the video showed the girl touching herself and giggling at the camera as Valerie kneeled in front of me, also touching herself, and began to run her hands up and down my thighs, finally fiddling with my belt and fly, before, with my assistance, easing my pants entirely off. She looked from my cock to me and back in an unbelievably sensual way, but didn't touch it yet. Standing, and walking around the sofa, she lifted my shirt over my head, before slowly rubbing my shoulders as I sat naked on the couch, my penis hard and throbbing, watching a man enter the screen and the actress getting on her knees, submissively, before him.

Valerie's fingers left my shoulders and she seductively prowled back in front of me, running her fingers over her body for me to watch before kneeling again and using her gentle touch to pry my legs apart, letting her scoot her body in closer, her breath now causing my dick to twitch and leap as she sees the look in my eyes, begging her to suck me into her mouth.

She gently holds it and begins to stroke up and down, bringing her lips closer as she wraps them around the pink head. She sucked hungrily on the juicy tip of my dick, looking up at me, before she bobbed her head further down, letting me feel the tip now push gently into her throat as her lips reach around halfway down my length.

"God, I love fucking your mouth, Valerie," I said, groaning.

She pulled me out of her mouth and, as a strand of saliva extended from her bottom lip to my prick, pouted and said "please, I need you to fuck my slutty mouth, I need to feel it," with a tone of urgency in her voice.

This time, when she began sucking again, I placed my hands in her hair and pulled her down onto me, bringing her red lips down to the base of my dick. She looked up at me as I ground into her face, moaning as my dick filled her throat, before I let go.

Coming up for air she released my dick from her mouth, which was now coated in thick saliva.

I reached down and pulled her skimpy shirt over her head, freeing her perky round tits.

She bit her lip, looking at me, and lifted her tits around my cock, as I held her head gently again and fucked her boobs as she held them in place, my dick's coating of saliva lubricating a messy fuck on her chest.

It felt good, but I longed to see her mouth wrapped around my dick again and I pulled her head down. She yielded and took me into her mouth, bobbing her head a couple of times before deep-throating me, gently cupping my balls as I held her head down and felt her throat hugging my hard, throbbing dick.

I let go and she came up again, but didn't let my dick out of her mouth this time, now using her other hand to stroke the shaft she bobbed her head fast on the top, sending incredible sensations through my body.

"No," I said, "I'm going to cum"

She just grinned at me as best she could with my dick in her mouth and continued to suck vivaciously.

I moaned as I wrapped my fingers tightly in her hair, feeling my toes curl and my balls churn, shooting cum straight through her pretty lips and into her slutty mouth, which I'd just fucked good and deep.

She kept sucking for a moment, after I finished cumming, before pulling her mouth off me carefully. Tilting her head back and opening wide she showed me all the cum she'd collected, before looking me straight in the eye and letting it begin to dribble, in a little rivulet, out of her mouth, down her neck and into her cleavage where she was collecting and spreading it with her fingers.

Quite soon her upper body was all moist and glistening, including her neck and face and she grinned up at me, swallowing what little cum remained in her mouth and smacking her lips before sucking my dick again, cleaning what she'd not gotten the first time.

I sat back with a grin on my face as she bounced up, all lively, clearly enjoying having gotten me off.

"Did you like that?" I asked.

"Yes! I just love having your dick inside of me, and when you cum I love to taste it and feel it on my skin. It makes me tingle rubbing it over my breasts! I just want more!"

"Aww, I feel bad, I feel like I've given you everything I can right now!"

"Oh, really?"

She stepped over to me and straddled me where I sat on the sofa. Her miniskirt just obscured my vision, but I could feel her smooth pussy lips on my softening member. Locking my gaze, and biting her lower lip, Valerie reached down and stuffed my flaccid cock into her pussy gently, pushing it as far in as she could get it. Once or twice I winced as she bent it or pushed it too hard, but I was willing to see what she had in mind which she thought would get me hard again.

Once she had me where she wanted me she leaned back ever so slightly, not letting me fall out, but giving me a view of her body as she began running her fingers over herself again, collecting my cum and letting it drip from her hand back into her mouth, where she'd run it around her tongue before swallowing it, allowing me to inspect her empty mouth each time.

"Do you mind that I'm a dirty cum slut?" she asked.

"What? No!"

"Does it turn you on to know that your cum gets me off?"

"Oh, so much!"

She continued to talk to me, getting more raunchy and explicit as she got more and more into it, and soon enough I felt my dick beginning to firm up deep inside her. She looked at me, knowingly, beginning to move her hips gently as I grew larger and larger within her.

Soon she had collected all the cum she could on her fingers and she lifted first one, then the other nipple to her mouth to suck on and run her tongue around as she ground into me, my cock now reaching deep up inside of her. I ground back into her and she closed her eyes, a moan escaping her parted lips.

Soon I grew tired of her pace and I leant forward, picking her up in my lap before laying her back, along the couch, raising her legs over my shoulders, grabbing them firmly and fucking her as hard, deep and fast as I could while she thrashed her head from side to side, eyes squinting, begging me to fuck my own little slut as hard as I wanted.

I was soon ready to cum again, and I told her so. Quickly she rolled off the sofa and off me, pushing me back into a seated position as she resumed the same sloppy blowjob she'd started (and finished) earlier.

When she felt I was on the verge of cumming she took me out of her mouth and jerked me off, spraying my cum all over her face, her eyes closed as her tongue stuck out, trying to catch whatever she could in her mouth as she squealed in pleasure at the feeling of hot strands of cum coating her face.

This time, when I'd finished, she licked the cum left at the tip of my dick, before setting it aside, and scooping the cum, from her face and neck, into her mouth, moaning as she enjoyed the taste, looking up at me with a sultry smile.

"Mmm, I love your cum, baby, I just wish I could take your dick with me everywhere!"

In response I put my hand on her head, and eased it towards my dick, which she sucked up, drooling my cum onto it as she sucked it sloppily, before licking it all off, and showing me her empty mouth after swallowing eagerly.