 With his penis erect and cushioned against her perfect ass, Todd fondled Carmen from behind. Standing, watching themselves in the front hall mirror of her condo was almost like being with another couple. Todd's hands flitted over Carmen's exposed body, frequently parting her hairy bush to stroke between her swelling lips. Todd discovered he wasn't sure where to look, finding it impossible to decide between the reflection of his own stiff rod or his hands as they slid between Carmen's welcoming thighs. 

Carmen and Todd were lovers and although it was painfully awkward at times, they also happened to be in love. Todd was married. Carmen was divorced and living with her mother. Today her mother was out, likely for a couple hours but you never knew. Once, when one of her friends suddenly died during a card game, she'd arrived home two hours early. Fortunately, that day Todd and Carmen had been having lunch and chatting about business. When her mom arrived home they still had their clothes on. Another time, her mom forgot the gift she was taking to a friend's birthday. When she returned home to retrieve it, Todd was in Carmen's room. Carmen was stripped to her white silk panties and a long t-shirt. When her mother walked in, Todd and Carmen acted like it was natural for them to be together with Carmen half undressed. Her mother didn't say a thing, gathered her gift and left. Todd always maintained that Carmen's mother wasn't ever fooled and knew exactly what was going on when she left their condo. Todd's wife was another story. 

Today had been grueling. Todd and Carmen ran a small recruiting business together. They always joked that business would be great if it weren't for employees and customers. Too bad it was true. They frequently ended up back at Carmen's condo on days like this. Passionate lovers' for almost five years, fucking was a prime pass time and a helpful release. Although Carmen always worried about 'fucking around' when they should be working, Todd argued that the opportunity to be together was a key part of their modest success. Both were sort of correct although there was no question that each was a significant distraction for the other from the business. 

As CEO, Todd had responsibility for customers and thinking ahead on their next big move. Although Todd was comfortable with people, he left the people side of their business to Carmen. Carmen's natural, warm personality and non-threatening approach made her a hit with men and women alike. In fact, she got along extremely well with power-women, the type to seldom share anything with anybody, and definitely not another female leader. Unfortunately, there were lots of days like today in their business. One step forward and two steps backwards. 

Gripping tightly onto her hips from behind, Todd's ground his swollen member into the soft crevasse separating the perfect soft, round mounds of Carmen's ass. Bending over slightly, Carmen teased an invitation to enter that briefly took Todd's breath away. Grinding harder, Todd penetrated Carmen with his fingers. With Todd stroking her forcefully from behind, Carmen soaked his deepening probes with a sticky flow of scented juices. Purring, Carmen spun around to face Todd, her furry mound pushed hard against his upright cock. Releasing himself from her bawdy grab, Todd dropped to his knees, his tongue buried in her musky forest. Carmen squealed, forcing his face firmly against her swollen mound. Unable to stand it any longer, Todd rose to his feet, guiding his fully hardened cock up the inside of Carmen thighs and thrusting the tip of his penis into her dewy thicket. 

Carmen tugged Todd knowingly with her right hand and guided his cock up into her waiting gap. Todd marvelled at her ability to open up for him even when standing. Fascinated, he watched in the mirror as his rigid, purplish shaft disappeared repeatedly between Carmen's thighs. If he grabbed her ass cheeks firmly, Todd could increase the intensity of his thrusting at will. That only made him harder. It made Carmen wetter, and Todd's cock slid easily in and out. Gazing down over his rising chest and firm belly, Todd had the perfect view as his loins merged sensually with Carmen's furry bush. He felt her sticky wetness dripping from his cock, down over his swollen balls and clinging coolly to his smooth, strong thighs. 

Suddenly, Todd pulled out completely, moving behind Carmen again and bending her over the bottom of her king-sized bed. Spreading her soft ass cheeks as far as he could with both hands, Todd easily penetrated Carmen's wet, pink folds with his hungry cock. Standing bent-kneed behind her, his stomach and stiff cock rammed up against her round ass, Todd pounded into Carmen with increasing ferocity. He pushed Carmen further forward until she lay face down on the end of the bed, both feet off the floor, her gaping pussy and parted cheeks arched enticingly upwards. The round, darkish hole of Carmen's anus sat mesmerizingly exposed as Todd rammed his stiff rod into her folded cunt. So much for foreplay. 

Withdrawing completely, Todd stroked the full length of his slippery, hot shaft, transfixed by his view from behind. Swollen cock in hand, Todd suddenly exploded, covering Carmen's smooth white behind with a creamy load of warm, shooting cum. It dripped off her soft cheeks, down her thighs, covering her hairy bush and the bed cover that she was lying face down on. Carmen moaned as she felt the molten, gooey mess dripping over her. Raising herself up off the bed, she backed her soaking ass firmly into Todd's hard penis, smearing his load all over the flat of his thighs and stomach. Matted in glistening cum, Carmen slowly rolled onto her back spreading her legs wide for Todd to enter. Ignoring her invitation, Todd bent over Carmen and thrust his face deep into her soaking slit, sucking hungrily at her swollen, cum-covered lips. Carmen moaned, her stomach and breasts rising and falling in unison with the tortuous advances of Todd's firm, darting tongue. Suddenly her body hardened, stretching taught as she also exploded uncontrollably. Todd could barely breath as he continued ramming his tongue up into her slit, suffocating in the musky discharge now pouring out from her and covering his face. Back arching and chest heaving, Carmen lay writhing on the bed, the top of Todd's head just visible above her soiled bush as she came repeatedly.

Exhausted, Todd crumpled to the floor at the bottom of the bed, extricating himself from the leg-hold that Carmen had wrapped firmly around his head. Slowly standing, Todd climbed unsteadily into bed, pulling Carmen with him so that their heads were now comfortably resting on the untouched pillows at the top of the bed. Carmen nestled close with her head on Todd's chest and Todd wrapped his right arm protectively around her shoulders. He pulled the covers up cozily up over their naked bodies. Without speaking, Todd softly stroked Carmen's face, kissing her blond head softly. Carmen purred and snuggled closer, wrapping her right leg over Todd's sticky, soft penis and matted, cum soaked loins. Satiated, the two lay together quietly for a only a minute or two before Carmen stealthily grasped Todd's sagging cock in her right hand. 

Stroking softly, Carmen felt Todd begin to harden.