 I woke up in the morning extremely horny and ready for whatever Eric thought he was going to teach me today. I got dressed quickly in a tight white halter crop top and a high waisted baby blue skirt with white lacy panties under. I put my hair in pig tails and applied a pale pink lipstick to my lips. 

"Hey want a ride to school?" Blake asked as he slung his back pack over his shoulder. 

"No I have an appointment today, but thanks," I stood on my tip toes and kissed him on the cheek. 

"Okay, see you later," he winked. 

Blake left quickly and I waited until I heard my mom leave to head to the kitchen where Eric sat sipping coffee. Now some of you may ask how I could do this to my own mother, but trust me she wouldn't care. My mom had been cheating on Eric since about two months after their wedding and they probably hadn't had sex since then either. Jane Elliot was a great mom, but a terrible wife. We both had an active libido that could not be satisfied by one man. 

"Morning daddy," I skipped into the kitchen and planted a kiss on Eric's cheek. 

"Morning Princess," he greeted me his eyes raking over my body. 

"I did my homework twice last night," I said proudly as I sat on his knee. 

"Oh did you?" he smirked. 

"Oh yes, I really like that homework... the homework I get from school doesn't feel that good," I giggled girlishly. 

"Are you ready for your lesson today?" he said his hand gliding up thigh and under my skirt. I grew wet as he hooked his fingers in my panties and pulled them to my knees. 

"What are you doing daddy?" I parted my legs eagerly. 

"I still need to take a shower Princess would you like to join me?" he asked prodding my hole with one of his fingers. 

"Do I get to say hi to your friend again?" I bounced on his knee. 

"Oh yes sweet heart he's been wanting to say hello to you all morning," he laughed. He pulled my panties complete off and dropped them to the floor. I slid off his lap and he led me upstairs to the master bathroom. 

"Do you want me to undress?" I asked shyly as he shed his boxers and t-shirt. His cock stood at attention beckoning me. 

"Yes honey, don't worry I won't bite... yet," he chuckled. I stripped slowly relishing the feeling of his eyes watching my every move. He motioned for me to get into the shower with him and I joined him in the spacious walk in shower. 

"What now daddy?" I asked as he turned the shower on. 

"Daddy is going to sit down on the shower bench and I want you to straddle my lap Princess," he said sitting down. 

"Okay daddy," I crawled up and straddled him. His hard cock pushing against my aroused hot flesh. Eric began rubbing his cock along my slit and rubbed my nub with it.

"Do you like that Princess?" he asked. 

"Oh yes daddy, what are you doing?" I panted. 

"My little friend is just saying hello to your kitty," he said as he pushed the tip into my hole. 

"Oh!" I fake yelped. 

"Now daddy is going to pop your cherry, it's going to hurt a little, but I promise you'll like it," he groaned as he began pushing further in. I tightened my muscles around his cock and yelped some more as he penetrated me. 

"Ow daddy, your friend is hurting me," I whimpered. 

"Just a minute sweet heart, just relax," he grunted. He pulled out and then slammed back in and I real moaned loudly. 

"Oh daddy!" I moaned as he began fucking me like his life depended on it. 

"Fuck you're so tight," he groaned grabbing my ass and pounding into me. 

"I want it harder daddy," I begged. I began thrusting in time with him resulting in my bouncing on his cock as he fucked me balls deep. 

I felt my body tense up before releasing all over his cock as I screamed his name. That seemed to send him over the edge because moments later he pulled out of me and finished all over my legs. 

"Mmm daddy I wanted my treat here," I pouted opening my mouth. 

"Don't worry Princess daddy isn't done yet," he said catching his breath.

"Can I have my next lesson?' I clasped my hands together, pushing my tits up in the process. 

"Eager are we?" he laughed. 

"Yes daddy, you make me feel good," I blushed. 

"Princess do you want to make one of daddy's fantasies come true?" he ran his fingers along the curve of my hips. 

"As long as you say hello to my kitty some more," I giggled. 

"Oh I will sweet heart, I will, but first daddy wants you to go to the garage with him," he said leading me out of the shower. 

"Okay daddy," I murmured as he led me by the hand. We went down stairs and into the garage. 

"Now Princess I want you to lay back on the hood of my car," he motioned toward his sleek black corvette. I giggled as I laid down on my back and spread my legs for Eric. 

"What now?" I asked. 

"Daddy's going to lick your kitty baby, would you like that?" he asked eyeing me hungrily. 

"Very much," I nodded eagerly. 

He leaned over and hooked my legs over his shoulders as he kissed up my thighs. 

He started by circling his tongue around my clit and sucking it into his mouth. I bucked my hips as my entire body tingled in pleasure. His tongue licked my slit and plunged into my hole as his fingers replaced his tongue in stimulating my clit. 

"Oh fuck daddy that feels incredible," I whimpered and moaned as I thrust my hips. 

"Daddy wants to taste your cum Princess," he said stopping for a second and then quickly continuing.

He pinched my clit as he tongue fucked me and I screamed as I came my juices squirting all over his face. He greedily lapped them up, licking me clean as my body shivered and shook.

"Mmm Princess you taste like candy," he licked his lips and kissed me his tongue massaging my own. I tasted my own sweet cum and wrapped my arms around Eric pulling him on top of me. 

"Sweet heart we aren't done yet, daddy wants to try your third hole," Eric said breaking our kiss. 

"My third hole daddy?" I questioned innocently. 

"Will you get on all fours for daddy?" he nudged me. 

I flipped over on the hood and stuck my ass in the air for him. He positioned himself behind me and I started breathing heavily as he began pushing his shaft into my ass. 

"Relax for daddy Princess, I'm going to make you cum again honey," he massaged my cheeks with his hands. 

"Oh daddy I don't like this," I lied. 

"Be a good girl and take daddy's cock," he slapped my ass. 

My pussy quivered and I moaned in response. 

"Spank me again daddy, I'm your naughty little girl," I moaned. As he thrust deeper inside me he smacked my ass harder and harder. I reached my hand between my thighs and started fingering myself to bring myself to climax. 

Eric and I came together his hot load filling my used and abused ass hole. My own cum gushed down my thighs and I collapsed to the hood of the car with Eric still inside and on top of me. 

"Now this will be our little secret right Princess?" he said pulling out of me. 

"Yes daddy, I promise," I whimpered as he spanked me one more time. 

"Good girl," he praised. 

Teasing Eric had turned out to be a truly orgasmic experience and I was excited to explore this new adventure.