 You arrived at the pub in the early evening and it wasn’t as awkward as we had thought it would be. We were drinking and laughing and just chatting...getting more and more drunk... Sitting next to each other makes it easy for me to slip my hand onto your thigh, moving my hand up towards your cock.... Feeling you through your trousers... Making you nervous as you look to see if anyone has noticed, but as you turn towards me, I kiss you…

Distracting you completely...

Slipping my tongue inside your mouth... 

As you start to respond I moan against you...

My fingers squeezing your cock through your trousers…

I want to feel your body against me… 

I straddle your legs and lean down to meet you lips as you move to kiss me again...

Moving on your lap I feel your cock swell in your trousers...

Placing my hands under your shirt and feeling your chest beneath my hands…

Wanting to feel more of me you slip one of your hands surreptitiously under my top and cup my bra-covered breast in your hand 

Moaning as I feel your thumb brush over my nipple

Suddenly friends asking what we want to drink... interrupt us

But all we want is each other so we get a cab to go to my house...

The taxi driver is watching… I know he is... you cant see because you are sucking my nipple into your mouth...

I’m trying so hard not to moan but I cant… a long sigh escapes me and the driver cant take his eyes off us as I arch my back and press your head against me...

I unzip your trousers and feel your cock responding to my touch...

I want to get it out and suck you into my mouth.... 

But I think the cab driver would crash…

So I have to be contented with just playing with you like this....

Finally we arrive at my house, the fair is exceedingly cheap, but I say nothing as I pay and slip out of the cab and walk away… leading you by the hand…

You follow me up the stairs quietly, your confidence wavering slightly ... but as we enter my room and you see my big double bed ...any doubts that had been passing though your head were quickly wiped away as you think of what is to come...

I turned to you as we reach the bed… looking for reassurance that this is what you want... I clearly didn’t have to… you were right in behind me looking at me as if you wanted to rip my cloths off...

Your hands slide up under my top and push it over my head...

You reach behind me and pull my hair-tie out so that my hair falls down over my shoulders... your hands reaching behind me and undoing my bra...

You do it so slowly... almost saving the moment that my breast are revealed...

When you finally see them you gasp with lust and push me gently back onto the bed... climbing on top of me as you pull your t shirt over your head...

I moan quietly as I see your chest for the first time... after months of thinking about you I am going insane with lust now it is finally happening....

As you kiss you’re way from my lips down my neck.... closing your mouth around first one nipple and then the other... 

Although you would love to stay and have more fun with my breasts the thought of my pussy waiting for you is too much.... as you kiss your way down to the waistband of my jeans...

Undoing and pulling them off as fast as you can without seeming to eager ... your trousers are already sliding to your feet as you raise yourself above me to kiss me lightly ... 

But I don’t let you get away that lightly… before you can pull away I capture your tongue with mine and kiss you roughly as I push you onto your back...

Straddling your lower body and leaning over you as I continue to kiss you...

But I want your cock to badly to stay and kiss.... as I move down your body you close your eyes and try to think clearly...I’m certainly not making it easy for you as you feel my lips against your skin...going lower and lower...

Finally capturing the bass of your cock in my hand I lick the slit in your cock where your pre cum is rapidly spilling from...

Tasting your salty pre cum…

Wanting your cock in my mouth...

Hearing you moan is driving me crazy... as I am just about to slip your cock into my mouth my eyes flick up to watch you, our eyes meet just before I swallow your entire cock into my mouth... your eyes role back as you arch your back and groan my name…

But I know that if I do too much you will cum in my mouth. And although that appeals to me greatly I want you inside my pussy not my mouth... I want to feel your cock push inside me.... Jesus… just thinking about it makes my pussy drip with excitement...

And you seem to have thought the same as you pulled me up towards you and pushed me onto my back with your knee between my thighs...

I look up at you through half closed eyelashes and wriggle underneath you... opening my legs and lifting up towards you... feeling your cock against me... 

Gasping as you twist my nipple between your fingers…

Feeling your cock slip between the lips of my pussy... making you slick with my juices... Causing me to push my head back and moan every time your cock comes into contact with my sensitive clit...

I wrap my fingers around your cock and push my pussy against you... You look into my eyes for a moment for reassurance and before you have registered that it wasn’t needed you have brought my hips up to meet yours and your cock is buried deep inside me...

The shock of feeling your cock inside my pussy is evident in both our faces ... and movements of our body’s...Yours driving down inside me and mine thrusting up to meet you…

What started as caring and dare I say...Loving sex... became lust driven as we became accustomed to each others needs and wants...

You moved your cock deep inside me and then rolled over pulling me with you... wanting me to fuck you...

Pulling me down to kiss you whispering that you wanted to fuck me into my ear...

Moving your hands to my hips as I started to thrust against you...

My hand lying flat on your chest as I push down against you as our hips start to find a rhythm...

As your cock slams into me I can hear your breathing beginning to become shallow…

I push down against you but instead of pulling back as you had expected, I stayed there... your cock throbbing deep inside me ... 

Your eyes flick open and focus on me, and watch as an evil grin flickers in my eyes…

A look of uncertainty crosses your face before you moan out for me to continue...

I shift around making you shiver but I stop again and you arch your back in attempt to satisfy that aching cock of yours…

Your beginning to beg now...

I lean down and flick my tongue over your ear and whisper...

‘Make me’

You shift your body to fast for me to react and I fall backwards onto the bed...

You cock slipping out of my pussy…

We both groan at the loss of contact but you are soon positioning yourself between my legs again...

‘Ah ah ah’ I whisper as I close my legs and give you a coy look from beneath my eyelashes...

You growl in frustration and place your hands on my knees... 

You look at me and ask me with your eyes.... a tiny smile plays on my lips, as I shake my head no…

Your eyes flash as you pull my legs apart I gasp as you slam your cock inside me… 

Letting out a tiny scream of satisfaction as you nearly cum inside me..

Jesus… if I was close to Cumming before I am positively shaking non stop as you drive your cock deep inside me before withdrawing and slamming down inside me again...

My head throne back, my body arched, my legs trembling, gasping your name… pleading with you to make me cum....

As you thrust inside me more and more forcefully as you start to cum inside me....

Making my body wrack with trembling moaning...gasping lust filled cries... as you plunge your cock inside me again one last time before collapsing beside me... 

Just laying there... with our legs still entwined and you arm splayed out across my breasts... we sleep.

End

This story is dedicated to CJM as always for his inspiration and of course his delicious cock! 

Please vote for my story and any others you read! Any comments on this story or suggestions for further stories are most appreciated. 