 After two teenage kids, a large dog, and a cat that thinks she owns the house, Kyle and Rachel decided they wanted to do something different for their 17th anniversary. While reading a local arts and culture newspaper one day, he came across an ad for a new game show for couples. He was surprised, shocked, and extremely interested to find out it was an adult game show in front of a live audience at a local hotel conference arena. 

He immediately knew he had the most creative date to take his wife on. The challenge would be, he thought, convincing her. 

Later that evening, while lying in bed, he told her about the new game show and held nothing back, explaining clearly that it was an "adult" game show. He was pretty sure she would not want to go, but, to his surprise she said it sounded like something fun to do, just once, as long as no one ever found out. 

Finally, the date for the game show came and off they went, in a rented car even, so no one would recognize their vehicle in the parking lot. 

They stood in line for only a few minutes before being let in to find their seat and had only sat down for less than 10 minutes when the emcee announced that they were looking for willing couples form the audience. Within a few minutes a man wearing headphones and a black t-shirt that read Production Staff tapped Kyle on the shoulder and asked if he and his wife would like to take part in the game show on stage. 

With a hesitant look on both their faces, the producer said that they may not be called to actually participate, but simply be part of a group sitting back stage that MIGHT be called on stage. With that information they looked at each other and both remembered that they did say they wanted to do something different and this certainly would be different. So, they got up from their seats and went with the producer backstage. 

The producer explained that Rachel would wait in one green room with six other women while her husband, Kyle, would wait with the men in another green room and that he would be back to take them to the viewing area to watch the show. 

Sure enough, after fifteen minutes or so, the producer came back to the women's green room and took them to a row of chairs on stage in front of a wall painted Blue. Once they were seated they heard the voice of the game show host call for the opening of the curtains to start the show. With that, the curtains parted and Rachel discovered to find herself on stage and part of the game show, but, she had no idea where her husband was or what was about to happen next. 

As the game show host began explaining the contest, Rachel's jaw visibly fell open and her heart began beating faster than ever before. It was a very simple contest really, all the women had to do was correctly pick the man they came to the game show with this evening. But with a twist. The women would not be able to see the men's faces. Or legs or feet or hands for that matter. You guessed it, the only thing the women could see to determine their man was his cock. The men were all naked behind the blue wall and the women had to strip naked also. 

Rachel, though mortified, found herself taking off her clothes in front of the audience and the other women, partly due to peer pressure, and partly to hopefully speed through the process and find her husband to go home. 

First, the host called for all the men to stick their cocks through the hole in the blue wall. And immediately Rachel, all the women on stage, and the entire audience saw 6 cocks, all the same height pointing forward. All the women could walk by and, using only their eyes, inspect each cock to see if it was one they came with. 

Quickly at first, then more slowly, all the women began looking at each cock to see if it was "theirs". 

The host asked the women if they could pick the cock that brought them and most said yes, a few were uncertain. Surprisingly, Rachel was not sure. After 17 years of marriage, two kids and mortgage, she never really paid attention to the details of her husbands cock. She didn't recognize any lines, veins, wrinkles or even curves for that matter. 

Then the host made a unique offer: He said one of the female contestants man is NOT behind the blue wall and if a woman was absolutely, positively sure that her husband/boyfriend was not behind the blue wall, then she could stay on stage to watch and if she were right, she and her husband would receive a 3 night stay at a beach resort. BUT, if she were wrong, and her husband/boyfriend was behind the blue wall, then she would receive something "different". 

Well that explains it, Rachel thought. The reason she didn't recognized any of the cocks sticking out of the blue wall was because none of them were her husband. She knew her husband. They had been married for 17 years and she knew he would NEVER be one of the men behind the blue wall. So, she sat on stage, self conscientious of the fact she was totally nude, to watch the game show continue. 

For the next event, all the women could place the cocks in her mouth to see if she could pick out her cock by the way it tasted and felt on her tongue, teeth, and throat. The women could suck each cock for 25 seconds and move to the next one. After all the women have sucked each cock, the host would ask the women to go pick the cock they came with and get down on their ands and knees for the next event. As Rachel watched each woman sucking and licking each cock, she could feel her pussy pulsating with excitement and dripping wet with desire. She was nervously surprised to learn that she was sexually excited. 

The third and final chance for each woman to pick the cock they came with was doggy style. Each woman was going to get ridden by every cock for 15 seconds each. After that she was told to go stand in front of the cock she thought she came with. 

If there was a tie after any event, the women in tie would have clips on her nipples until the one of them relinquished. 

Rachel found herself squirming and flinching and even rubbing her own breasts as she watched two production staff men place clips on two women who picked the same cock in a tie. After just a few minutes of pain, one of the women finally relinquished and accepted another cock. 

After 15 seconds of each woman having her pussy pumped by each and every cock, most of the women's legs were shaking from near orgasm. One woman actually came so strong that she squirted and had to sit down to catch her breath for 30 seconds. 

Finally, the game show host asked each woman to go doggy style again in front of the cock she came with and get ready for the winner to be announced. 

With that, Rachel was totally oblivious to the camera focused on her and the audience watching on the screen because she was too busy fingering her dripping wet pussy. Besides, her eyes had rolled back in her head from pleasure. 

A drum roll began and the game show host asked each woman to look straight ahead, grab the cock behind her and guide it into her pussy. With that the blue wall which had been hiding the identity of each man was lifted and everyone in the room let out a collective gasp as they watched each man as he thrust as deep into the pussy in front of him. But in a twist of the game show, not only were the women prevented from seeing the faces of the men, the men were all blindfolded as well so they could not see whose pussy they were pounding. 

No one, though, gasped louder than Rachel as she saw her husband standing with a blindfold on and thoroughly enjoying screwing the pussy that chose his cock. Rachel was so stunned she could not move. 

The game show host told each man to fill up the pussy that chose him with as much of his thick cum as he could shoot out. Which they were already doing. Most were on the verge of cumming from being sucked and fucked. 

Rachel could tell when her husband was cumming and she watched his body tighten up and get rigid as his dick was as deep inside that unknown pussy. Finally she saw his body release and relax and she knew he was through. Every drop of his cum that she had known for 17 years was now in between the legs of some other woman. And she watched them do it. In fact, the whole audience of over 200 people watched them do it. But the shows not over yet. 

Rachel, now whimpering, was told to lay down on a massage table that had been brought out on stage and she gave no fight as she willingly allowed a stage hand to help her up. 

She placed her legs in the stirrups and allowed the stage hand and game show host to tie her arms down above each elbow. Then the game show host told each woman who was still dripping cum from her pussy to get that same cock that she just finished off, as hard as she could just as fast as she could. Within just a couple of minutes all 6 cocks were thick and stiff from the women sucking and stroking them. Including Rachel's husband. 

Then the game show host told Rachel that she each man was going to pound her pussy for 1 minute each and that she could choose to go on a date with the cock that finally fills her pussy with his cum or go home with the cock she came with, her husband. 

After just a few minutes of experiencing different cocks filling up her pussy, Rachel soon realized just how much she enjoyed the intensity and variation of sizes and depths each cock was giving her. Since each cock had just filled up another pussy at the end of the game show, Rachel was forced to have her pussy thrust open over and over again in one minute segments from 6 different cocks, and one of those was her own husbands. 

Finally, after over 25 minutes of being forced to accept each cock fucking her wet, but raw pussy and having well over 9 different orgasms, and even squirting twice, which she had never done before at all in her entire life, she felt a cock thrusting a little deeper and harder and then it hit. A cock was exploding with cum inside her spasmodic pussy. She could feel herself tightening around that thick hard dick to squeeze every last drop of cum out of his balls and deep inside her body. 

It's as if her pussy had a tight grip on that cock inside of her and would not let it go until she decided. 

Finally, with the last drop of cum out she could feel his balls dry heaving, she looked up to see the face of the man she might have a date with and she completely broke down. 

With tears streaming down her face, she saw that the cock which just filled her pussy up with cum was her husbands, the man she had promised to spend her life with. The man she was more than happily married to. As soon as the stage hands untied her, she wrapped her arms and legs around her husband as tightly as she could and would not let him go. 

The audience cheered like never before and, as Rachel and Kyle got dressed and left the stage, still holding onto her husband with her face buried in his neck, Rachel opened her eyes to see the stage and smiled. Seductively, she smiled.