 I dated Valerie a few years back, just out of high school. We got along great, but conversation usually deteriorated quickly if we were alone as we were both incredibly horny. I'm tall and thin with dark hair that's fairly long for a guy. She was and is almost a spitting image of Marilyn Monroe, with the short blonde curls and bodacious curves. I couldn't believe my luck!

To cut a long story short, we dated for just over a year, but ended up going separate ways, not communicating for a long time.

Only recently, about a month ago, did she message me on facebook.

"Hey, long time no see!"

I wasn't entirely sure what to make of it as she'd been pretty angry with me over the break up and had made it pretty clear she didn't intend on speaking with me again.

"Yeah, how've you been?"

"Oh, you know, getting on...

Been missing you though

How have you been?"

"Good

You know

Same old same old"

I'll spare you the gory details of it all, but as it turned out, since the break up her sex life had been almost as inactive as mine, which is saying something.

After some coy banter we agreed that on the forthcoming weekend I'd go around and visit her for old times' sake..

I could hardly wait, but despite my imagination running wild I refrained from jerking off, because I wanted to save every drop of jizz that I could for the girl who used to be my own little cum slut.

When the day rolled around I was so anxious that I decided to pull out all the stops and, in the shower before I went around, I shaved my pubic area smooth, something I'd never done before.

An hour later I was walking up the front steps of her house and ringing the doorbell. Her house was quite large -- she still lived at home with her affluent family (who were away for the weekend). I heard footsteps coming down the stairs just inside and presently the door opened.

She grabbed me by the front of my shirt and pulled me inside, shutting the door quickly behind me. In the same motion she drew me close to her, kissed me aggressively and wrapped one of her legs around me, running the sole of her foot up the back of my leg.

I broke the kiss and pushed her away, giving her an appraising look as she bit her lip and pouted in the way she knew drives me wild.

She was looking as amazing as ever, with deep red lipstick and dark eyeliner. Her blonde curls were tied out to the side in pony tails which I just couldn't wait to take hold of.

She was wearing her old school uniform, tied in a knot in front, revealing her flat stomach as her tits strained against the thin white material which was clearly bought when she was much younger. A hint of pink informed me that she had no bra on.

Her school skirt was rolled up at the waist making it extra short -- and it appeared even shorter at the back the way it stuck out over her juicy booty.

And finally, just to drive me up the wall, she wore black thigh-high stockings which ended just low enough for me to glimpse the milky white skin of her thighs before they disappeared under her skirt.

I stepped forward again, reaching around to playfully slap and grab her ass as I rubbed my already nearly-full erection against her. She sighed, and leaned into me, reaching for the hem of my shirt and pulling it up over my head.

"Hey you," she said as she ran her fingers down my chest, my belly and over my belt to grab my hard dick through my pants.

"Hey .." I replied, lost for words as her other hand unclicked my belt and she kneeled infront of me, unfastening my fly before pulling my pants down.

As my waistband slipped past the tip of my dick it bounced out forward and she giggled, looking me in the eye as she took just the head into her hot velvety mouth, sucking gently.

It lasted only a moment before she stood up, spun around and ran up the stairs, calling back

"You want me? Come get me!"

I nearly tripped before I realised my pants were around my ankles and I struggled to remove them, my shoes and my socks all at the same time before chasing after her, into her room.

When I walked in she was kneeling right in front of me, next to her bed, biting her bottom lip and beckoning for me to come closer with her finger.

Approaching her, she reached out and pulled me toward her by my dick, crooning in approval as she ran her other hand around my smooth balls.

"I like your new look!"

And with no further ado she sucked me deep into her mouth, one hand holding the base of my dick firmly and the other caressing my balls as she bobbed her head up and down, sucking and slurping.

I lay my hands on the back of her head and she moaned, looking up at me lustfully. Lost in the sensations, my hands found their way to her pony tails and I began to encourage her movements, using them to pull her mouth up and down along my dick.

Replacing one hand on the back of her head I applied more force and she squeezed my balls ever so tenderly as my dick slid right to the back of her mouth and into her throat.

After a second or so she came back up for air, looking up at me as she jacked me off, running her hand up and down my now slimy dick.

"That felt so good," I told her.

Back down she went, never breaking eye contact with me as my dick re-entered her throat.

"Oh, you like being my little slut, don't you?"

She moaned on my dick, sending the most incredible sensations through my body.

After a few seconds this time she came up for air again, a strand of saliva stretching from the tip of my dick to her lower lip as she slid her hand back up and down my cock.

"I love being your dirty slut, I love the way you use me!"

I pushed on the back of her head again, directing her mouth back onto me, her lips sliding over the head and down my shaft, slowly, as I again felt myself enveloped in her hot, wet mouth. Her hand which wasn't playing with my balls reached around my legs to pull herself further, as her lips reached the base of my cock, adding to the ring of red lipstick which was accumulating there.

This time I pulled her up, scared that I'd cum sooner than I wanted. With one of her pony tails wrapped in the fingers of my hand I pulled her up from her knees, slowly, letting her mouth and tongue trail over my belly as my slick cock pressed against the front of her blouse, until we were kissing.

I reached between us to untie the knot in her shirt, freeing her breasts as I pulled it over her shoulders.

Now, with one hand on her ass and one kneading one of her tits, kiss unbroken, I walk her slowly backwards towards the bed, stopping short to turn her around and throw her forward. Grabbing her hips I pull her back til she's on her hands and knees on the bed in front of me, her skirt covering nothing as she sways her ass from side to side, knocking my cock about, looking at me wantonly over her shoulder.

I spank her hard.

"OH, fuck me!" She cried as I spanked her again.

I directed my dick towards her pussy and with slight pressure the head popped inside.

God, she'd always been so tight!

She moaned my name.

I slowly pushed forward and she squeaked as I stretched her wide around my dick. I watched her hands ball on the sheets as I felt my thighs press against her fat, gorgeous ass and my dick pressed as far as it could inside her.

I slowly drew almost all the way out before slamming back in, to which she yelped.

I slapped her ass again.

"FUCK ME!" Was her response.

I obliged, fucking her as hard and fast as I could, spanking her when I wasn't using both hands to haul her ass back into me, ramming my dick inside her.

I leant forwards, reaching around to grab her swaying tits as she ground back into me, rolling her hips like a lap dancer. Still kneading her breasts, I pulled her to an upright position, her back pressed against my belly as she continued to run her pussy slowly up and down my dick.

"Does my slut want my cum?" I asked, knowing the answer already.

"Oh my god, yes, I want your cum so bad!"

I slapped her ass again.

"YES! I want your cum! Please, give me your cum!"

I pulled out of her and sat on the edge of the bed, my fingers stroking her sexy body as she got up off the bed and kneeled in front of me, parting my legs, scooting forward and running her hand up and down my dick.

She leaned in and sucked one of my smooth balls into her mouth, eliciting a moan from my own mouth.

"God, I love your balls, I want your cum so much!"

I wrapped the fingers of one hand in her hair and pulled her up til my dick was close enough to her mouth that she could lick it and lick it she did, running her tongue down to the base, and then sucking her way back up the side, before taking it into her mouth and sucking me back into her throat, looking me in the eye as I ground my dick into her mouth, fucking her face.

Coming up for air, she straightened her back until her boobs were level with my dick and she grabbed them firmly, wrapping them around my slick member.

Still looking me in the eyes she began to bob them up and down, the warm, soft feeling driving me absolutely crazy. I pulled her mouth back down and she sucked me back into her throat before resuming her boob job.

In no time I felt myself on the verge of explosion and she knew as much as she felt my hands clenching, pulling her hair.

Her mouth hung open as she watched me intently. My dick began to swell and a thick spurt of the cum I'd been storing erupted onto her chest. The spurts continued for almost 15 seconds as she slid her increasingly slimy breasts up and down my dick, my jizz covering her chest and neck.

When I finally stopped cumming she leant back, scooping the cum on her breasts so as to prevent it from dropping onto the carpet. She spread it around her chest and neck sensually before collecting a large dollop on her finger which she dripped into her mouth.

"Mmm, baby, I've missed your cum so much!"

After swallowing she leant forward and sucked my softening dick into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down on it, cleaning it of the cum that coated it and moaning in delight at the taste I knew she loved.

When my dick was clean she leaned back again and resumed spreading my cum around her breasts, occassionally sucking her fingers seductively, obviously getting off on being a naughty cum slut, feeling my slimy cum all over her body and tasting it in her mouth.

Just watching her display I already felt my dick beginning to grow again...