 I am 22, small petite girl. 5'3", 100, 32a, blonde and shaved pussy. These are all true stories.

I was meeting my gf for drinks at the W Hotel on a Thursday evening. Dressed sexy for the evening I stepped out. I checked my petite frame one last time. The red dress looked nice. Tight all over with low back, no bra and sexy thongs, I ran my hand over my body. The red heels to match made me feel sexy. I put my favorite perfume on. 

My friend was already there (a stunning blonde and so much more beautiful) and obviously attracting some attention. A guy was making small talks and once I reached, we both pulled ourselves and took one of these high tables at the bar area. It was our night to chat and catch up and while we both were looking good, we did not necessarily come out to find guys to have fun. 

We both were chatting and drinking and nibbling for an hour when 3 guys took the high table next to us. Obviously they did all the guy tricks to get to chat with us but we were taking no bait. We both whispered to each other to let these guy keep trying but not to play into their hands, specially because 2 of the guys thought they were gods gift to women. We let them try everything in the book but we politely snubbed them all evening. 

It was getting late and time to wrap up. The guys were still there, mostly drunk and obnoxious by now. I got up and left for the restroom before heading out. The restrooms were towards the back, a little isolated. It was also midnight by now and the crowds at the restaurant was also thinning out. I finished my business, powdered up and stepped out to run into one of the guys from the group. He leaned into me, pushing me against the wall and said...'You too pretty to talk to us bitch!' He scared me a little and I was about to yell when he tried leaning in to kiss me and fondle me. I ducked and tried pushing him back and as I was trying to get away from him, his other friend from the table (whose name was Jonathan, I learnt later) showed up and pulled this jerk. He took care of him, apologized to me profusely and said his friend was drunk. 

I was shaken. I left and walked out of the restaurant with my gf. We were standing for the valet to bring our car when Jonathan came out, apologized again, gave me his business card and said that he was a decent guy and if we felt scared or his friend meets us again anywhere, do not hesitate to call him and he will take care of him.

In the brighter light of the streetlight I noticed Jonathan was a mid 30 guy, decent looking, actually good looking. His behavior even at the high table was not rude and it was actually his friends who were bigger jerks. I took his card and left. But Jonathan continued to play on my mind. I wanted to call him on my drive home but I resisted. I reached home and realized as I got out of the car I was actually wet having erotic thoughts about Jonathan. A little drunk and now a little comforted and not scared my pussy took over. I got back in the car and drove back to the bar hoping to find Jonathan still there. I walked in and saw Jonathan at the bar with one of his friend but the ass friend of his was no where in sight. Jonathan spotted me walking in and walked over and asked if everything was ok.

I asked him if I could chat with him in private. He ushered me to the side and I leaned into him, my hands on his arm and whispered in his ears...'Jonathan any chance you want to have some fun with me tonight?' Jonathan leaned away to stare into my eyes and asked, 'Are you drunk?' I said, 'Yes, drunk enough to not care but sober enough to know that we both can have some real wild fun tonight'. This time as I said this I ran my fingers on through his hair down to his cheeks and chin.

Jonathan was no dumb guy and he said sure. I told him to take me to his place as long as he drops me back to my car later. We were out in a few minutes and once in his car, Jonathan started to drive fast. I loosened the seat belt and started to run my hands over his jeans. Feeling his cock, unzipping him and pulling his cock out. Touching it teasingly. I looked at him with seductive eyes and said, 'Do you want me to suck you baby?' All he could do was mumble and nod and I went down on his cock while he drove. I could swear he weaved a little on the road as my lips locked around his cock. He moved loud and pushed my head down on his cock to take all the 6 inches deep in me. I love when a guy dominates me and fucks my face.

I sucked him, stroked his cock, played with his balls as he drove. I told him I wanted him to cum. He wanted to cum too but as he drove he could not cum. No matter how much I sucked, he said he was too tense to cum and needed to relax to cum. I was praying I did not end up with someone not good in bed, but I guess it was too late. 

I sat back in my seat as he drove with his cock out. I put one leg on the dash, opened the other leg and started to touch myself with my eyes closed. I knew Jonathan was watching me touch myself and I enjoyed putting on that show. I was wet and I put a finger in my pussy and pulled it out to let Jonathan taste it. he licked my finger clean. I pushed my finger back in my pussy and he cleaned it again. We were getting close to his place and I was close to cumming. 

We pulled into the drive way and I told him I want him to watch me cum. We sat there, me playing with my pussy as Jonathan almost buried his face between my legs watching. One hand on my clit, the other in Jonathan's hair, I played till I came. I came hard. Jonathan touched my tender pussy and felt all the juices. He asked me to come in so he could fuck me. I loved that he was talking dirty. I looked at him and said, 'What kinda girl do you think I am? I just came for coffee and you want to fuck me?' Jonathan looked into me deep, kissed me, bit my lips and whispered, 'I will fuck you like my very own slut'.

Mmmmm...we were in his house, in his bedroom and he was naked before I could even look. He stood there, all of 6 foot tall with his cock hard. He reached out for me, pulled down my dress till it dropped to the floor. I stepped out and stood in my thongs and heels. He pushed me on his bed and as I fell, I opened my legs and raised them in the air and did the split. 'You want to fuck this baby?' 

Jonathan was mumbling and was pulling my thongs off me, almost ripping them. I lay with my legs open but this time with my bald pussy for him. He was down between my legs, eating me. He ate me like a pro. He used his 2 fingers well to finger fuck my tight pussy as he ate me. He finger fucked me and ate me till I came all over his face. I love the feeling on lying with my legs open and the guy with his face buried in my pussy. 

After cleaning me, he stood and I started to suck his cock as I sat on the edge of the bed. His hands were in my hair and he was forcing my head down on his shaft. I was sucking, stroking and playing with his balls and he was enjoying it obviously as he was moaning and calling me his fuck toy and slut and whore. I sucked him harder and after a few minute he was cumming hard in my mouth. And he had a lot of cum. Evidently i learnt later he had not fucked a pussy for 3 months and had not even masturbated for 2 days so his balls were full of cum. I swallowed every drop after teasing him with showing his cum in my mouth and letting a few drops dribble down my face to my tits.

Jonathan fell on the bed and while he was lying and getting a little limp, I stood on his bed legs across his body and started to move. He lay on bed looking up at my naked body and the best view of my pussy. I would lower myself at the waist and drop my hair on his face and chest, run my fingers on his body and stand up and every once in a while run my fingers down to his cock. I touched myself standing and moaned and put on a show for him till he was hard again. 

I slowly lowered myself and took his now hard cock in my pussy. I love riding like a cow girl as I can put a sexy slutty show. Moaning, digging my fingers in his chest, using the head board as support, running my hands in my hair, leaning back and arching and using his legs as support, making him run his hands on my body and all this while I rode him hard. 

I told him to not cum and tell me when he was close. Few minutes of this naughty fucking he was ready. I got off him and asked him to fuck me doggy style and cum in me that way. He asked if he could fuck my ass and I said why not. A little lubrication later he was in my ass fucking me like a slut he needed that night. However, he wanted to cum in my pussy and after having his fun with my ass, pulled out and fucked my pussy hard. I was moaning loud and he slapped my ass as he enjoyed fucking my pussy. It was a few minutes later I felt his hot cum explode in me and he still managed to push a few squirts. All this fucking made me cum too.

We ended up collapsing on the bed for a while. Catching our breath we touched and fondled and he finger fucked me one more time to make me cum. After cleaning myself he drove me down to my car and I drove home feeling well used.