 Karen was ready to hit the town. She was over the breakup and looking forward to moving on. She knew that she would not have too much trouble. Her body had always attracted the opposite sex. At 5’5, 125 pounds, Karen, a blonde, had a slim figure, tight ass, and most of her weight in her size 38DD breasts.

Karen put on one of her shortest black skirts and a tight fitting white sleeveless tanktop that showed off her tits. She headed to the bar with her girlfriends. It was a crowded bar, popular with the college crowd. At 23, Karen was still into the college scene, but ready to start moving on.

The girls started putting down the beer and flirting with the various guys. Then Karen saw Mike. He was a tall, well-built and attractive guy standing a few feet away at the bar. Mike caught her eye and made his way over to where Karen was standing. 

They started off with random small talk, but a connection was felt immediately for both of them. Karen felt very comfortable with him. 

“So, are you here with anybody?” Mike asked as a way of feeling out the situation.

“Just the girls,” Karen said.

“Where’s your guy?” Mike teased.

“My guy, if that’s what you call him, dumped me a few days ago. He said he wanted his space.”

“If he walked away from you, I’d question his manhood, too,” Mike said soothingly.

“Well, he certainly couldn’t satisfy me,” Karen responded with a twinkle in her eye. The conversation had taken a turn, and she felt that sinking feeling in her stomach and a distinct tingle between her legs that she had not felt in a while. Mike, for his part, was equally aroused by this blonde bombshell. In the crowded bar, he had to lean down to hear her, and he would take the opportunity to take in a pair of well-toned, tanned legs, barely covered by Karen’s skirt. And of course, those incredible tits. Having to lean in closer to talk was also increasing the sexual energy.

“How’s that?” Mike probed, hoping to keep this conversation going down the right road.

“Well, you know. I need certain things, and he just couldn’t provide them for me,” Karen purred. She had started using her finger to slowly trace over Mike’s well toned chest. She gave him a sly smile.

“Well, if I had the opportunity to spend some time with a knockout like you, I would give you anything you wanted,” Mike said with a smile.

“Anything?”

“Name what you need.”

Karen thought for a second. This was the make or break point. If she kept this up, things could definitely get interesting, but if she wanted to stop, this was the time. She realized she definitely didn’t want to stop. She was incredibly horny, and Mike was making her feel at ease. The drinks were relaxing her as well, and she realized she was saying things she would not normally say. Besides, she was curious to see if Mike really could satisfy her. She decided to go for it. Karen grabbed a handful of the front of Mike’s shirt and pulled him close so that she could whisper in his ear. “I need a really hard cock. One that gets hard and stays hard often. And, most important, I need a huge load of cum.”

Mike almost lost it right there. He knew the conversation was picking up speed, but was not expecting that. He could barely feel her hard nipples brushing against his chest, and he breathed in her great smelling perfume. He wondered if she could feel the enormous bulge in his pants. At the same time, he knew he could satisfy. His 25 year old cock was always ready, it seemed. And he had a load to give her. Some girls were even turned off by the quantity of cum he was able to produce. Mike decided to offer the next step. “Would you like to get out of here, maybe go back to my place, and see if I can’t take care of you?”

Karen smiled, “Sounds good. Let me say goodbye to my girlfriends.” Mike watched her walk over to her friends, staring at her incredible ass swaying back and forth. This was going to be fun. 

They made their way to the car. As soon as they started off, Karen leaned over and started frenching Mike in his ear. Her hands were roaming all over his chest. He was having a hard time concentrating on the road, and his cock was straining so hard in his pants, it hurt.

“Mmmmm,” Karen purred. Her hand went down to Mike’s crotch and began rubbing the length of his cock. Karen gasped a little at his size. He was huge, she thought. Well, Need 1 fulfilled. Her pussy was dripping just thinking about it. “You definitely have the hard cock,” she whispered into his ear. “I want it so badly. I want your hard cock. I want to suck it into my mouth. I want it between my tits. Will you do that? Will you fuck my big titties? Please tell me you have a big load. Please tell me you will fuck my titties and shoot a big load all over them? I want you to cum all over me.” Karen continued to whisper and lick Mike’s ear. Mike almost shot is wad right there. Karen couldn’t believe it, but his cock seemed to get bigger.

They finally made it to Mike’s apartment. They raced inside. “Nice place,” Karen said. “Now, which way to the bedroom?” Mike laughed and took her hand, leading her back to the bedroom.

They quickly embraced, their tongues searching each other’s mouths. Karen reached down and pulled Mike’s shirt up and off. Her hands explored his well-toned chest. She then pushed him back onto the bed. Mike sat on the edge and Karen stood in front of him, between his legs. He was eye level with the most incredible pair of tits he had ever seen. Karen slowly began pulling her tank top up, and finally off. Her huge tits were straining against a while lace bra. Karen reached to the clasp in the front and slowly unclasped the bra and pulled it away, freeing her soft, firm globes. Mike just stared as Karen swayed her breasts in front of his face for a minute before reaching behind Mike’s head and pulling his mouth to one of her aching, hard nipples. Mike greedily began sucking those incredible mounds, kneading the one he was not lavishing with his tongue. Karen lost her breath from this oral assault on her sensitive tits. She liked nothing more than a man who could take care of her breasts. 

Mike’s hands began rubbing their way up Karen’s legs. They slid under her skirt and finally found their way between her legs. Mike finally found Karen’s soaked panties. He began slowly tracing his way over her hot mound. Karen’s knees buckled. She couldn’t take anymore. She stepped back from a disappointed Mike, but he quickly smiled as he watched her unzip her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She then removed her sopping panties to reveal a well trimmed, hot, wet snatch. Karen then dropped to her knees in front of Mike and began working on his belt and button. She unzipped his pants, and pulled them down. She gasped again at the size of the tent in his boxers. She ran her hands up Mike’s thigh, causing him to jump. Then she took hold of the waistband of his boxers and pulled it over his enormous hard-on, freeing it as it jumped in front of her. Karen had a look of total lust on her face as she removed his boxers and took his cock in her small hand. “It is absolutely gorgeous. It’s huge.” She began stroking it, and Mike closed his eyes and moaned. He spread his legs a little more, and Karen looked down to see a pair of huge balls hanging below this rock hard cock. She almost came just looking at them. 

“Oh my god, look at the size of your balls,” Karen exclaimed reaching her other hand to lift them in her fingers. Lust completely overtook her. “Please tell me they are full of cum. Oh, Mike, I’m going to milk these dry.” She pushed Mike up onto the bed and crawled between his legs. Mike watched as her huge tits swung beneath her and her tight ass pushed up into the air behind her. Then he watched as her beautiful face dove between his legs. Her hand continued to stroke his throbbing hard-on, and he felt her tongue all over his balls. She gave his balls a tongue bath, before taking one into her mouth and sucking on it. She rolled it around her mouth with her tongue, moaning the whole time. Mike was moaning, too. This was incredible. He had never seen a girl so hot for his balls, cock and seed. She switched to his other ball, giving it the same attention. 

Karen pulled up a little until her head was just above Mike’s cock, which stood at full attention. She looked him in the eye, saying, “I have a feeling you’ve got just what I need to satisfy me. And I think I can repay the favor.” Smiling and continuing to look into his eyes, Karen let her tongue slowly trace the length of Mike’s cock. Then in one swift move, she enveloped his bulbous head with her warm, wet mouth. She sucked on his head for a minute before slowly making her way down his cock. She made it about half-way down before coming back up. Karen then began sucking his cock in earnest, bobbing faster and faster on his huge rod. Mike groaned. Karen was really getting into it, slurping and sucking his meat. Mike had his own ideas, though. 

After hesitating a moment, he pulled her away from his cock. She was a little disappointed, as she could have kept her lips wrapped around that amazing cock all night. He turned her over onto her back and straddled her, making his way up her torso until he was kneeling right over her face. She smiled lustily as she stared up at his manhood, which seemed even bigger hanging over her, just above her face. Mike reached down and pulled his cock up toward his stomach. Karen looked down and saw Mike’s huge ball sack hanging down and swinging between his legs. Mike moved forward and let his balls swing against Karen’s chin. She couldn’t wait. She opened her mouth as wide as she could, and Mike lowered his balls against her waiting tongue. She closed her lips around his ball sack and sucked like there was no tomorrow. With his other free hand, Mike reached back and began fingering Karen’s dripping wet snatch. Karen began bucking her hips to meet Mike’s talented fingers, moaning contantly around the huge balls filling her mouth. Mike’s thumb found her swollen clit and began rubbing it in a fast, circular motion while his fingers continued to explore her hot snatch. This was too much for Karen. She exploded into a huge orgasm, convulsing below Mike. She let go of his balls in order to gasp for air.

When Karen finally came back to reality, she opened her eyes to see Mike stroking his long cock with the hand he had just fingered her with, lubing his prick with her juices. He leaned down a little and offered his cock to her hungry lips. She eagerly took his cock into her mouth and sucked on it, tasting her juices mixed with his pre-cum. After a few strokes, Karen pulled her mouth off and looked up at Mike. “Please fuck my tits with this amazing cock. Please. Shoot your load all over me.” “My pleasure,” Mike responded. 

He slid down and placed his cock between the two biggest and softest mounds he had ever seen. Karen pushed her big tits together and Mike began sliding his prick between them. On the up strokes, Karen would lick at his cockhead, which was now emitting a constant stream of pre-cum.

“Yes, that’s it. Fuck my titties. Oh, god. Fuck me with that great cock, Mike. Faster. Cum for me. Cum all over me. All over my tits, my face. Empty those huge balls all over me. Fuck my tits Mike. Oh, that feels so good. I think I'm going to cum again, Mike. Yes, pinch my nipples!!! Yes!!!! Oh, god, Mike, cum for me!”

This was all Mike could take, he felt the cum surge up his cock as it swelled. Mike pushed up toward Karen’s face and open mouth. “Oh, boy, Karen, here it comes,” Mike groaned.

The first thick, white, heavy shot landed on Karen’s upper lip and slipped down to fall on her tongue. As she closed her mouth to taste it, Mike’s orgasm hit in full. He began shooting huge long ropes all over Karen’s face, her lips, her nose, her cheeks. He pulled back and began shooting all over her tits. He stroked his cock, leaning his head back as he enjoyed one of the most powerful orgasms he had ever had. Seeing and feeling this enormous load was enough to send Karen into her second round of convulsions as another huge orgasm swept through her. She could not believe the size of Mike’s load. At least ten huge shots of cum had covered her, and his huge cock was still shooting more all over her huge tits. 

Finally, Mike’s cock slowed down. He looked down. They were both gasping for air. Karen was a pool of cum. She licked as much as she could reach with her tongue. Then she reached up and scooped as much as she could from her face and sucked the cum off her fingers. Karen reached down and began running her hands through the puddles of warm cum coating her breasts. She just lay there and rubbed Mike’s seed into her tits. She looked up at him with total lust. She knew she had found a winner, and that she would be covered in his cum as often as she could.

Then she noticed that Mike’s cock was starting to grow again...