 Chapter 2: Need Satisfied

Karen lay beneath Mike as he straddled her stomach. He had just unleashed one of his most powerful loads ever all over this gorgeous, stacked blonde. She lay there, dreamily massaging his cum into her huge tits. His dick grew more stiff with each breath. 

Karen watched his dick grow to full length. She couldn’t believe it. Her pussy twinged, and then began to ache. She longed to have Mike’s massive pole deep inside her, to fill her completely. But she had to hold off. Didn’t she. Mike was a keeper. She felt that already. She had an unquenchable thirst for a man’s cum and for hard cock, and he had both. She didn’t want to give in, or give it up, rather, too quickly. She wanted him to want more. Tease him. That’s the game, isn’t it. But that didn’t mean there wasn’t more fun to be had.

“That was incredible, Mike,” Karen sighed, as she reached up and began stroking his hard cock. 

“Yes. Yes, it sure was,” Mike agreed. He reached down and began caressing and massaging her pillowy mounds, tweaking her nipples between his fingers. Karen closed her eyes and moaned. Mike reached behind him and began slowly stroking her sopping pussy lips. Karen only moaned louder.

“I want to fuck you. I want to you to feel me deep inside of you,” Mike whispered. Karen involuntarily closed her thighs around Mike’s hand, pushing it against her throbbing cunt. She wanted it so badly. It had been too long since she had been satisfied by the hard, warm meat of a man’s cock. But she had to show some restraint.

“How about putting this big thing somewhere else warm and wet,” Karen purred, smiling up at him. She seductively ran her tongue over her full lips. She leaned her head up and opened her mouth, giving Mike a perfect oval in which to slide his now throbbing cock. He leaned forward until the swollen head of his dick slid between those succulent lips. Karen closed her mouth around his bulbous head and sucked, letting her tongue swirl around it and probe at his slit, tasting the new flow of pre-cum as it oozed into her mouth. Mike closed his eyes and enjoyed Karen’s expert cocksucking. He realized the game she was playing, but he still wanted more. He could hold off on the fucking, as long as she kept his cock in her mouth. But his mouth was wanting, too. He had to taste that sweet cunt of hers. 

Mike pulled his cock from Karen’s mouth, getting a disappointed pout in response. This girl was addicted to his cock already! Mike thought. He slid down her body, leaning forward to take one of her hard nipples into his mouth, nibbling on it for a moment before sliding further down her body. Karen had been nervous where this was going for a second, but now she realized where Mike was headed, and her pussy began flowing anew as she spread her toned legs to provide him even greater access. 

Mike let his tongue slide over Karen’s firm stomach until he reached her small patch of sandy blonde pubic hair. He moved lower and breathed in the unmistakable aroma of the pure sex of a woman in the throws of sexual arousal. He let his tongue glide over her swollen pussy lips and slip into her hot cunt. Karen groaned loudly and pushed her mound into Mike’s face. “Oh, yessss,” she moaned. “Eat me. Eat my pussy, Mike. Suck me. That feels soooo good. Right there. YES!!” Mike’s tongue had reached her swollen clit, and his lips wrapped around it, sucking it gently as he swirled his tongue on her sensitive bud.

Karen was in heaven, but she wanted more. She needed more of Mike’s cock. She managed to pull Mike up from her pussy and up her body, before rolling over so that she was on top of him. Her breasts were pressed against his chest and she kissed him with a fervor she did not know she possessed. She could feel his huge cock pressed between her hot cunt and his stomach, and she ground her pussy against him. She moaned into his mouth as she rubbed her clit against his meat. She finally pulled her mouth from Mike’s lips and smiled at him. Karen then expertly swiveled on his body until her dripping cunt was inches from Mike’s face. Karen, meanwhile, was face to cock with the most incredible dick she had ever seen. 

Without hesitation, she greedily sucked Mike’s cock into her mouth. She got the head between her lips and over her tongue. She then began bobbing rythmically up and down his shaft, twirling her mouth around and around. She took in more of his dick with each down stroke. She guessed she had about 6 inches now, as she felt his large, swollen head press against the back of her mouth and touch the opening of her throat. Her warm saliva slid around his dick and down his shaft, running over his large ball sack which hung directly in front of her eyes. She relaxed her throat and began feeding Mike’s dick further into her mouth. She loved the feel of a hard cock completely filling her mouth and throat, and eagerly swallowed more and more of Mike’s huge shaft, her tongue still twirling around his hot pole.

Mike, meanwhile, was equally enthralled. He had stared up at Karen’s sopping wet pussy for a moment before looking down between them. He stared at her enormous breasts hanging down against his stomach, her nipples lightly brushing his skin. Just beyond her swaying breasts, he watched as Karen’s mouth slid further and further down his shaft, until her chin nuzzled against his pubic hair and he felt his cock deep in her throat. It was everything Mike could do not to explode right then. As a means of distraction, Mike returned his attention to the glorious cunt sitting right above his face. 

He reached up and closed his hands over her smooth ass cheeks and pulled her pussy down to his mouth. He began eating her with abandon. He closed his lips around her clit and sucked. Karen moaned loudly around his cock, thrilling him with the sensations her throat made around his dick. She ground her mound against his face fast and hard. She was close. The incredible sensations Mike’s mouth were creating and the thrill of having his cock deep in her throat were too much. She raised her head quickly off of his cock in order to gasp for air as her orgasm washed over her, this one even more powerful than before. She pressed her cunt down hard against Mike’s talented mouth. “Ohhhhhhhhhh!! God, yesss!! I’M CUMMMMINNNG!! YESS, YESS, YESS!! Eat me!! Yessss!!”

Mike sucked greedily at the sweet flow of Karen’s pussy juices. She pulled off of him and spun around, kissing him and licking up her own cunt juices smeared over his face. Then she slid quickly down and took his dick into her mouth again. She quickly sucked him into her throat and bobbed up and down quickly. This was enough to put Mike over the edge. Karen felt his dick swell and grow even bigger. She pulled off and sucked hard on the head, swirling her tongue against Mike’s sensitive underside. Just as she knew it would, this sent Mike over the edge. She pulled off and began jerking Mike’s hard cock just as his body tensed and he pushed his head back against the pillows.

Mike’s cock pulsed once, sending a thick stream straight up and into Karen’s waiting mouth. She closed her mouth and swirled his cum around. Mike’s cock was just beginning, though. He opened his eyes and looked down as Karen jerked his shaft. He began shooting shot after shot of hot, thick cum over her face. Huge streams landed on her cheeks, her nose, her forehead, into her hair, and completely covered her full lips and mouth. Not one inch of her face was spared his torrent of semen. His cock finally subsided and Mike relaxed against the bed. 

He looked down at Karen. Her face was one white sheet of cum. It dripped from her chin onto his cock and balls. She smiled at him and began licking it up as it dripped. She licked the cum off her mouth and began using his dick to swipe up the cum her tongue couldn’t reach on her face. Then she began licking his cock clean, savoring every drop. She finally moved up and nuzzled against him. “You are amazing. You’re fulfilling needs, I didn’t know I had,” Karen murmured. Mike smiled as they drifted lazily off to sleep.

Karen woke as the sun began to shine in through the window. The wonderful memories of the previous night came quickly back to her. She lifted her head off of Mike’s strong chest and looked at him as he slept, a smile on his face. Then she looked down at his crotch. Even at half-erection, Mike’s cock was huge and gorgeous. “I’ll give him something to smile about,” she though. She slid down his body and between his legs. She began swirling her tongue over his huge balls. 

She watched as his dick twitched and then began to grow. It stretched and lengthened against her cheek. She couldn’t wait anymore. She moved up and took his warm cock into her sensuous mouth. She swallowed it whole. She loved the way it filled her mouth completely. She sucked and bobbed her tongue, bathing his cock in her warm saliva. His dick slid quickly through her velvety lips. It wasn’t going to take long. Karen was determined. It was morning, and she was hungry for her milk. She sucked and felt his dick growing. 

Mike awoke to the warm, wet feel of Karen’s mouth and the slurping sounds her cocksucking was making. He didn’t have time to try to control himself. It felt too good. He groaned. “Oh, man. Karen, sweety, here it comes!!” This time Karen kept bobbing her head on his dick. She took his cock deep into her throat as he unleashed another gallon of cum straight down her waiting throat. She pulled up and Mike’s seed filled her mouth. She could not get over how good he tasted, and felt a small orgasm of her own wash over her body. Even draining him twice the night before, Karen almost choked on the size of his load. She swallowed every drop, though. She had started out last night with a need. Her need had been satisfied. But she wanted more...