 It's a long walk from my office to the parking lot. I loosened my tie and began to think about the long holiday weekend ahead. It was the Friday afternoon of Memorial Day Weekend and I was on my way to pickup Marie.

I put the windows down and turned the radio on. As I drove to her office, I gave her a call on my cell-phone, my mind replayed images of the last time we were together. Although it was only a little more than a week ago, it seemed like a lifetime.

Marie is the kind of woman who takes your breath away, then steals your heart. We were supposed to have a romantic dinner in the city before retreating to the country for a long weekend and a relaxing time together.

I arrived where Marie's work as the last of her co-workers were leaving. I held the door open for the two young ladies, smiled at them and then stepped inside.

With a deep sigh, Marie smiled at me, asking me to lock the door behind me. I turned and twisted the lock as Marie sorted through some files on her desk. She looked beautiful as always, but I could see the tension etched upon her face.

I walked across the room and we embraced. Her welcome consisted of long sexy kiss and a gentle squeeze to my crotch.

"Hi Sexy!" she whispered sucking gently at my lower lip.

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her closer. I love the feel of her feminine frame nestled in my arms and the sweet taste of her lips against mine. She was very loving but somewhat distracted. She turned again towards her desk and began to gather a few things to take with her when we left. I could sense that the long tiring week just ending had left her more than just a little frazzled.

Eager to comfort her, I stepped up closer behind Marie and wrapped my arms around her once more. She was wearing a Navy Blue pinstriped business skirt and jacket with a thin white tuxedo style blouse with ruffles up the front.

Her sexy white lace bra was faintly visible through the thin fabric of her blouse. Her shapely legs were clad in sexy white seamed stockings and quickly funneled into a pair of shiny white leather pumps. She looked very professional and very sexy.

She wore her hair pulled back and tied with a single white silk ribbon. Her finger and toenails were freshly painted a contrasting shade of blue.

Diamond studs in her ears along with a double strand of large pearls around her neck and a matching single strand pearl bracelet completed her sexy look. I took her in my arms and instantly I felt her begin to relax.

"It's been one hell of a week." she said with a heavy sigh. "I need to take a few things with me this weekend if you don't mind"; she added looking back over her shoulder at me?

I hugged her from behind and kissed her on the top of her head.

"Relax Honey." I whispered. "We have all weekend." I added as I began to gently massage the back of her neck and shoulders. She soon began to really relax. "Now isn't that better?" I asked.

Marie moaned appreciatively and let her head droop forward slightly. I kissed the back of her neck as I reached around and slowly undid the buttons of her blouse starting at the collar and working my way partially down the front.

My hands slowly parted the front of her jacket and eased it down off her shoulders. 

"What are you doing?" Marie whispered.

"I'm helping you relax." I told her as she purred softly.

She put her arms behind her as I slid her jacket completely off and laid it across the back of her chair. There was no clasp on the back of her bra that I could detect as I gently began to deeply massage between her shoulder blades. 

That subtle and not so innocent discovery about her bra would prove to be very beneficial. It meant that her sexy lace bra had a front closure or snap. I giggled softly at the revelation.

I worked my fingers slowly downward, kneading my way across her lower back as she leaned forward slightly. She placed her hands flat atop the desk to help brace herself.

My therapeutic hands methodically worked their way down over her Marie's sexy teardrop shaped hips and around to her smooth flat tummy. Gentle caresses quickly led to the cupping of her breasts. 

Her nipples were fully erect by the time my hands reached them. Poking firmly against the lace cups of her bra, they were clearly visible straining against the front of her blouse. I kissed and sucked softly at the back of her neck as I unsnapped the remaining buttons on her blouse.

I seductively tugged the bottom of Marie's blouse from beneath the waistline of her tight fitting skirt and let it fall. Her gorgeous breasts jutted proudly from the opening of her blouse as my hands cupped them. 

I gently caressed the firm round undersides and ran my fingers slowly around the firm dark hard circles of her areoles. Marie moaned softly and wiggled her sexy ass against me I pressed them tightly together.

As I pushed her firm melon like breasts together with the palms of my hands, the tips of my fingers worked with surgeon like precision at the wire clasp buried between them, Marie gasped playfully as she felt it come undone.

I eased my pressure on her breasts and pulled back the hanging under-wire cups with my fingers, freeing her beautiful tanned breasts.

"Baby, what if somebody sees us?" she asked, growing visibly more excited with every caress.

We were in the back of the huge dimly lit office at her desk, but certainly not out of sight should someone press their face to one of the windows or come to the locked door. I assured her however that we had nothing to fear as my hands moved from her breasts southward along the sides of her waist and down over her firm shapely ass. Marie cupped her own breasts and gasped once more as I knelt behind her. 

I placed my hands on the outside of her thighs just above her knees and slid them slowly upward along her stocking clad legs. My thumbs were outside the hem of her dress and my fingers beneath it. Marie purred out loud as my firm hands slid her dress slow upward revealing more and more of her sexy tanned bottom as I went. In no time at all the cumbersome knit skirt was crinkled up around her narrow waist.

Much to my surprise beneath her skirt I found her hot sexy ass clad in only in a white lace thong panty. Her stockings were the tight fitting thigh high style with a thick lace band at the top. I curled the tips of my fingers around the waistband of her thong as I kissed her naked ass cheeks, feeling them tighten and dimple against my lips as she tried to half-heartedly to escape their pleasure filled touch. 

My thick shaven cock was fully erect and poking proudly against my trousers by the time I began rolling her sexy lace and lightly scented panties down off her hips. I stopped removing them when the waistband reached the middle of her ass crack. 

Leaning forward I grabbed them between my teeth and gave them a tug. I must have looked like the puppy dog on the tanning lotion billboard as I shook my head gently from side to side.

Marie moaned again placing her hands back onto the desk as she pushed her sexy partially clad ass firmly back against my face. My fingers pulled her sheer panties down to their final resting spot just above the tops of her stockings.

I moved my hands slowly back up over Marie's hips and placed them together in the small of her back. Marie trembled slightly and moaned a little louder, almost overcome with anticipation as she knew what was going to happen next. 

Now painfully hard, I undid the buckle of my belt, unsnapped the button at the top of my fly and tugged down my zipper. My rigid cock sprang free and pointed skyward as I placed my hands back down onto the sides of Marie's beautiful thighs.

I slid them gently upward over her hips and across her naked buttocks. She squirmed in my hands and leaned hungrily over her desk separating her feet and parting her legs a little farther as she did.

Her womanly scent filled my nostrils and the sight of her shaven pink pubes had me throbbing like crazy. Unable to control my feelings any longer, my fingers gripped the tops of her buttocks while my thumbs lifted and separated the firm round cheeks of her ass. Marie gasped loudly as I pressed my face deeply between them. My hot wet tongue was on a mission, searching frantically for her steamy wetness.

My probing tongue swabbed at her double stacked pleasure orifices. I was crazy with lust and I needed her now. I heard her open hand slap the desktop as my tongue breeched her moist wet lips. She thrust her ass back hard against my face, hungry for more, no longer concerned that someone might see us through the window or door.

"Oh God!" she moaned loudly as I began to lick her wildly from behind.

The taste of Marie's sweet hole had my cock twitching uncontrollably. Her juices glistened on my cheeks and dripped from her meaty lips like honey from the comb. She was writhing against me, grinding her hard swollen clit against my chin.

"Oh Baby, Take me. Take me now!" she begged. She almost came out of her sexy high heels when I placed my fluid coated tongue squarely over the puckered pink ring of her anus.

A few slow swirling strokes were all that it took to send her quickly over the edge. Marie's entire body shook with pleasure as the lips of her pussy tightened and throbbed before my eyes.

She was gasping for breath and still sprawled out across the desk when I stood up behind her, placed my left hand on her hip and grabbed the base of my cock in my right hand. I slapped both of her quivering ass cheeks hard with the underside of my cock before dragging it deep between them.

I placed its pre-cum covered tip to the parted wet entrance of her fiery cylinder. Marie was just starting to regain her composure when with a twitch of my hips I thrust the head of my cock into her, slipping it just past her quivering lips.

She gasped as I entered her, moaned wildly with my second thrust, and then grunted loudly as I buried my cock balls deep inside her with my third thrust.

"Oh, You Bastard!" she whimpered pushing things off the front of her desk as she tried to brace herself for the inevitable.

Marie felt hotter, wetter and tighter against me than she had felt before. I was wild with desire and filled with passion as we began our brief but lust filled journey. There I stood, with my pants down around my ankles, my feet were between hers and my hands were tight around her waist. I had to stop after just a few strokes to keep from exploding inside her; I didn't want to put an untimely end to our carnal romp.

I leaned forward tugging back on her unbuttoned blouse and kissed her bare shoulders very softly as I tried desperately to focus and ignore the aching deep within in my fully charged balls. 

Marie wiggled beneath me eagerly as I began a slow easy fucking rhythm with my hips after the yearning in my loins had subsided. Marie rose up onto her elbows and readied herself. She had been in this position before and she knew what to expect.

Vulnerable didn't begin to describe what Marie was feeling inside. She found being pinned against her desk with her legs spread and completely helpless, both scary and exciting, but not unfamiliar. 

Her hanging breasts swayed slowly up then back and her ass cheeks rippled seductively from the force of my long powerful thrusts. Marie grew a little hotter and a touch wetter against me with every ensuing movement of my hips. What a way to start the weekend I thought to myself.

It wasn't long until my long passion filled thrusts grew in speed and intensity. So intense in fact that Marie was rocking forward onto her tips toes trying to absorb some of the shock as I took her roughly from behind.

With her blouse crumpled between my fingers I pulled her back against me, riding her like a rodeo barrel racer tugging on the reigns of his trusty mount. This ride was one to savor and not meant to be rushed.

Marie's wanton moan's soon turned to broken pleasure filled yelps. She was sucking wildly for air as I'd pulled back and she was grunting uncontrollably with every ball slapping forward thrust of my hips.

She was balancing on her tip toes with the tops of her thighs slapping against the lap drawer of her desk. The heels of her sexy white pumps were unable to touch the ground as the result of my relentless pounding.

Unable or unwilling to resist any longer Marie toppled down over the desk. She pressed her breasts against a soft leather organizer and her to the cheek to the cold hard surface of the huge desk.

Her breathing became very broken and her fingers desperately searched for something to cling to as she wadded papers from her desktop. With a long drawn out moan that quickly turned to a blissful fulfilled whimper, Marie came again.

She closed her eyes and began slapping the top of her desk with her open hand, until she finally went limp beneath me. Her increased wetness flowed freely over my cock and trickled down over my swinging balls. It was at that moment I knew that I couldn't last much longer. 

The room started to spin, my ball sack began to tighten and my mind went blank. There would be no more teasing, no more thrusting, and no more lust driven nasty talk for Marie to willingly endure.

With one last powerful stroke I arched my back and I was there. My final thrust lifted Marie's feet completely off the floor. She balanced precariously on my throbbing cock as it erupted deep inside her.

I screamed with pleasure as I succumbed to my own orgasm. Tensing with every surge of release my body jolted wildly against her as my hot creamy load coated her tender cervix. I moaned softly as the euphoric feeling in my groin began to slowly subside.

I collapsed on top of her gasping for breath, still hungry, but coherent enough to kiss her softly on the cheek

"Baby, you're Fantastic." I whispered.

I pushed myself up and withdrew slowly from her wet throbbing twat, emitting a giggle that combined pleasure and disbelief. I stumbled back into Marie's comfy desk chair and let my arms dangle lifelessly over the sides. 

"Oh fuck." muttered Marie allowing her feet to firmly touch the floor for the first time since we began our erotic journey.

Marie's ass cheeks were slightly reddened. She had one stocking higher than the other, and her gaping twat appeared quite battered and very well buttered. She was completely speechless, cotton-mouthed, and lying across her desk.

I gazed lovingly at her beautiful body. My shrinking cock was still oozing slightly at the tip as I sat there trying to catch my breath. I began wondering if she was alright until she finally began to slowly move around.

She steadied herself against the desk and tried to raise her pleasure riddled torso to an upright position. When she was finally able, I stood up from the chair and took her lovingly in my arms. 

My embrace signaled to her the game was over. It was one of our favorite games, and just one of many that as red hot lovers we often played. We kissed passionately, our trembling naked bodies standing together as one.

The game was not really a game at all. It was more like a ritual we participated in to prepare ourselves for a weekend full of passionate love making.

Marie knew that after we had taken the edge off, the caresses, kisses, and kind words that will soon follow would be much softer, sweeter and heartfelt. A stark contrast to the heated no holes barred sex we just had at her desk. The admittedly rough encounter was merely great foreplay. 

I brushed away a tear of joy from Marie's cheek as she reached up and gently pulled the ribbon from her hair. She shook her head letting her fragrant blonde locks fall over her shoulders as I softly jostled her gorgeous tanned breasts gently back into her bra and hooked the clasp. We kissed softly, rubbed noses and giggled as I began to button her wrinkled blouse. Marie turned away shyly and pulled her panties up from around her thighs.

Some of the combined remnants of our love making had dribbled into the crotch of her thong and down along the inside of her thighs and over the elastic lace band of her silk stockings. Marie seemed too pre-occupied to care as she pulled them back into place and lowered her skirt. She let out a well deserved sigh of relief and blew off her previous thoughts about taking work home with her.

I smiled at Marie then draped her jacket over her shoulders and wrapped my arm around her as we headed for the door. The back of her blouse was still hanging out, her hair was slightly tangled, and her legs were a little rubbery.

I kissed her softly on the temple and whispered; "If we hurry we can still be in the hot tub before the moon comes up." Marie smiled softly placing her right hand on my chest as we walked, not speaking a word. 

We had made love several times before, and several times we had made love with the same passion and hunger that was still fresh in our hearts, but Marie had no idea just what kind of lasting affect our recently completed session would have on her. 

We had never made love in her workplace before, so she had no idea the profound impact it would have until the start of the following work week, or how often she would replay our tawdry encounter in her mind during the months that followed.

Marie had no clue that things around the office would never be quite the same. How simple every day things and routines would rekindle emotions in her heart and replay the raunchy heated images of that passion filled evening in her mind.

These were not everyday feelings that would consume her, but then again, this is not an everyday type of love. Our love is the kind that only comes around once in a lifetime.

It's amazing how weeks later the simple act of placing her hand onto her computer mouse would remind her of my fingers cupping her silken mound.

How the innocent sight of that ink pen in it's marble holder on her desk sticking straight up would make her smile and recall just how hard she makes me. 

Even the air flowing from the register in the ceiling above her makes her pussy tingle, so reminiscent of my hot breath flowing over her bare shoulders as I ravaged her from behind.

The usually boring task of sending an outbound letter now makes her shiver. Every time she places her thumbs on the flaps and goes to lick the adhesive strip of an envelope, naughty images of me lifting her cheeks and tonguing her ass race through her mind. 

She still gets wet just thinking about it. Pressing a stamp to the upper right hand corner is also difficult as it reminds her of the way her nipples respond to my touch, no matter how gentle or rough.

On a couple occasions she has even caught herself standing up and rocking against the front of her lap drawer with her thighs, trying to recapture the emotion of my powerful thrusts. 

She hopes that no one notices, but doesn't really care if they do. They are her private thoughts and fantasies, and only hers. She doesn't have to share them or explain.

As far the sound of the phone ringing goes; well it only gets to her about a half hour before closing time on Friday afternoons. 

THE END