 As I was getting out of the truck after a good hard day of work all I could think about was a cold beer and relaxing. Then I reached to open the door and it swung open without me. I looked up and there you were.

You had on knee high socks, a terry cloth robe, and that was all. You had one hand on holding one side of the robe and the other hand holding the others side that way as you opened the door you opened your robe. At this point I knew I was not going to be able to get my dick in you fast enough.

All of my concerns and thoughts left me as I stepped into the house and you dropped to your knees. As you took me into your mouth you could smell the saw bust and tool oil smell coming off me. As I ran my hand down the back of your head you could feel my rough dry hands sliding through your hair.

You love the feeling of me getting hard in your mouth as you take me all the way in and back out again. You are sucking slow and steady but you can feel me holding back from just fuck your mouth. You know I am on the edge of just pounding into you and you can tell my dick is as hard as it can be, so you look up at me with my dick in your mouth and smile with that little sexy smile you know drives me crazy.

With all the restraint I can manage I pull my dick out of your mouth, reach under your arms and push you up against the door that is still open. You realize your feet are off the ground as I forcefully shove my tongue into your mouth right before I shove my dick into your pussy. You are now pined to the door impaneled and hanging from my dick. I stop kissing you and look you strait in the eyes as you feel my hands grabbing your ass. I slowly pull my dick half way out and slam it back in, and then I do it again, and again. You moan every time I slam myself back into you and as I speed up the tempo you are getting close to your first orgasm.

I finally catch my breath from this greeting at the door and realize I'm slamming you into the still open door, so while still thrusting into you I move us away from the door and over to the stairs. I set you down on the bottom landing and hover above you. You can tell I'm thinking evil thoughts, but all you want is a mind blowing orgasm, so you start whispering dirty things in my ear that you know will make me loss control.

"Fuck me! This pussy belongs to you. It's all yours. Now fuck it. Make this pussy cum..."

As you talk to me you can tell it's working. I am starting to trust faster and harder. I am starting to breathe harder. I'm fucking you with my whole body. My hands are coursing and touching and teasing. My mouth is on yours tits, your ears, your neck, and on your mouth. I'm fucking and fucking and fucking. We have just hit that point where we a completely together moving as one when you start to jerk and shake. Your orgasm is starting and you are starting to lose control of your body. Your back starts to arch and your legs are wildly shaking now. You are now having a full on orgasm, you can't hear, or see you have no control over your legs arms or back everything is going crazy inside you and you can feel me still just pounding into you over and over and over again until you feel me unload into you.

Just as you think you're going to pass out you start to come down. I am slowing down with you. We slow to the point that we are barely move, but I am still moving just enough to let you know I'm still here. we are kissing and touching each other in soft loving ways.

You smile and give me a "Welcome home."

I role my eyes and reply "Good to be home."

We finally get the door shut and run up stairs to change and get descent before the kids get home. For the rest of the night we are playing little games. When every we can we suck on each other in the bathroom or laundry room. I finger you to an orgasm while we cook dinner. After dinner I take out the trash in the back yard and when I turn around to come back in your bent over the lawn chair with your skirt over your hip. I walk up behind you and fuck you outside just after the sun went down. That night we don't get much sleep and we both call in sick the next day.

If I had a flower for every time I thought of you I could walk in my garden forever.

Alfred Lord Tennyson-