 She had barely dozed off when she heard his key in the lock. She roused slightly as the door shut behind him with a click. He went straight to the bathroom to brush his teeth, and her heart began to race. By the time he came into the bedroom, fumbling to get undressed in the dark, she could barely contain herself from getting up to greet him. Instead, she lay very still, feigning sleep. The mattress gave under his weight as he slipped under the covers, and nestled up to spoon with her. As his arm wrapped around her, she hoped her heart pounding did not betray her. 

She snuggled back against him, enjoying the warmth of his body. She could feel him beginning to respond to her closeness. She wondered if he was going to be a gentleman and not molest her while she slept. Oh, she hoped not! Fortunately, he was feeling roguish. His hand began to stroke her chest. Cupping each breast and gently rolling her nipples between his fingers. She struggled to keep her breathing slow and easy. But when he ran his hand down her stomach and across her thighs, then back up, lightly brushing his fingertips against her mound, a soft moan escaped her lips. His hands were somehow rough, yet smooth at the same time. He made the circuit again, but this time, when his hand neared her panties, she gently rolled her hips up in an attempt to get more contact. He noticed her movement, though, and avoided the area altogether. 

Realizing she had given herself away, she reached behind her hips to stroke him, and found he was completely hard. She began to roll over to face him, and he raised up as if to meet her for a kiss. But in one smooth motion, he had straddled her chest, and stretched her arms over her head. 

“What,” he asked, “am I going to do with you?”

“Whatever you want, I guess” She replied tauntingly. He held her wrists together with one hand, while the other reached over the side of the bed. He came up with a scarf, and wound it round her wrists, fastening them together. He smirked at her in the darkness and ran his fingers down the sensitive under side of her arms, leaving a trail of tingling flesh behind him. She raised her head and teasingly traced her tongue along the underside of his hard on. She drew back so that he had to move this time to meet her. This time when she raised her head, she was able to bury half of him in her mouth in one stroke. As he was enveloped in her warm, wet kiss, he couldn’t help but moan, and this time she was the one smirking, as best she could with her mouth full. 

She bobbed her head slowly up and down, massaging his cock with her lips and tongue. She was sorry she couldn’t use her hands, but that just made her concentrate more on her mouth movements. He began to rock his hips slightly as she gently sucked him and made circular motions with her tongue. He reached behind him to tug on her swollen nipples, and was rewarded by the vibrations her moaning made. She was so thoroughly enjoying herself, that when he pulled back, she was left looking a bit like a goldfish for a moment, with her mouth gaping, and her tongue searching for him. 

She opened her eyes to see he had moved backward and was now standing at the foot of the bed. He gripped her ankles, and pulled her down until her ass was nearly hanging off the edge. He propped her feet next to her hips, and knelt between them. She practically held her breath with anticipation. That first contact of his tongue always sent shivers through her whole body. It was almost as good as climaxing. 

When she felt his warm breath on her thighs, she couldn’t help but attempt to raise her hips to meet him. But every time she tried, he pulled away, leaving her extremely frustrated. She was soaking wet, and aching for some direct firm contact. He must have realized that he was on the verge of pissing her off, because she felt his cool fingers rubbing her pussy, massaging it. It felt wonderful, but she was relieved when they trailed off to make way for her favorite part. 

And there it was. His soft, warm, wet tongue, first making small, electric flicks, before settling into long sweeping strokes, his breath so intense on her thighs. She loved it when he used his hands. She got so excited when he drove his fingers into her pussy while sucking and massing her clit with his tongue. She began to attempt to send him mental messages that she was ready for him to penetrate her. He was driving her crazy. She began to writhe her hips against his mouth. 

When she felt something cold against her hole, she thought it was his fingers, and immediately relaxed to allow him entry. But she realized it wasn’t his fingers, it was much too hard, and smooth. She raised her head to look, but it was too dark. He whispered, into her pussy, “Just relax. Trust me.” And she did.

As she felt the smooth, cold object sliding in, it felt so good that for a moment she forgot to try to figure out what it was. But as it slid back out, the hot walls inside her meeting again, she realized it was the beer bottle she had left on the counter. They had several vibrators, why would he use a bottle? 

She debated pulling away from it, but as he slid it in again, she felt the warmth inside her intensify. She felt lewd and vulgar. No decent woman would be enjoying this so much. She should be insulted. But instead, she obscenely opened her legs wider as he began to rotate the bottle while urging it further into her pussy. She realized he had not been paying attention to her clit when she felt his tongue begin to flick it once more. It was too much. 

She had never felt so wanton. Hands tied over her head, legs splayed out while he sucked her hard clit and fucked her with the bottle. She gave her hips a final thrust and felt the swell of orgasm crash over her. The fierce intensity coming from her pussy soon rippled over her entire body. Her thighs trembled and her nipples ached.

She was barely aware of what he was doing as she was still reeling from the strength of her climax. He raised his body and placed his hands on the back of her knees, pressing them down to the mattress. She became alert though, as she felt the head of his hard cock at the entrance to her still throbbing pussy. 

With one agonizingly long, slow stroke, he was buried inside her. He pulled completely out, and entered her again, this time leaning down to kiss her. As he thrust in and out, she took his lower lip in her mouth, and sucked on it. She moved her head to the side and ran her tongue over his strong neck before taking his earlobe in her mouth and gently chewing on it. She knew it drove him crazy to suck on his ear while moaning into it. 

She was so close to climaxing again, that she wasn’t sure she was even making actual words. In her head, she was saying “Oh Honey! Fuck me! Fuck me! Make me cum! Oh yea! Just like that!” But all that seemed to be coming from her mouth was one long syllable, like “Oooooooh!” 

Luckily, he understood what that meant. And when he felt the first spasm of her pussy, he immediately stood again, and fucked her with all his energy. It was heavenly! As soon as the throbbing inside her began to fade, she could feel his own orgasm begin. He threw his head back, and redoubled his efforts as his entire body tensed. With a groan and a final thrust, he collapsed onto her. 

She slid her arms, still bound, around his neck, and kissed every part of him she could reach. After a minute, he recovered his breath enough to roll off of her and untie her. He gave her a tender kiss, and looked into her eyes. “Sorry I had to work late” 

“That’s okay,” she replied, “You’re forgiven.”