 Patti checked herself out in the bathroom mirror. She thought she looked pretty good for a woman about to turn 58 years old.

She grabbed her purse and small picnic basket and headed for Ted's office two floors up. She was going to surprise him for dinner. He had been working a lot of late hours. There were nights he came home, ate dinner and went straight to bed.

"Hi Sherri is he in?" Patti asked the receptionist. Patti hoped he hadn't left the building. There were times when he would go to a nearby restaurant for a quick dinner just to get out of the office.

"He went down stairs but he should be back in a few minutes." Sherri said noticing how Patti was dressed, short skirt, low cut blouse, heels. "You can go in and wait for him." Sherri said as she got up and grabbed her purse. "I'm going down stairs and I'll be back in about an hour." 

"Okay, have a nice dinner." Patti said as she walked into Ted's office and shut the door. She put her things down on the small sofa and went to the stereo system and put in an Air Supply CD. She went to the sofa and opened the basket and set the food out. She had stopped by the local Apple-bee's and had ordered him a Steak and a baked potato,rolls. A few minutes later she had everything set up. Satisfied she had everything just right, she walked over and sat behind his desk.

Ted walked down the hall toward his office. He could suddenly hear Air Supply and it sounded like it was coming from his office. He didn't remember leaving the stereo on when he went downstairs.

"What the..." he said as he walked into his office.

"Surprise." Patti said almost in a whisper, as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. "I thought I'd bring you dinner." she said as she stood up so he could get a look at her outfit. 

"Hi baby." Ted said wondering what she had in mind for dinner. She was wearing a black skirt,white blouse,black stockings and black heels. "That's very sweet honey." he said as he shut the door. 

Patti walked over to him and stood on tip-toe,put her arms around him and kissed him passionately.

She had wanted to do this for so long. He had been working so hard lately, 12 hour days and even weekends. There were some days when he didn't even have time for lunch.

"Mm-mm." he says as he pulls away from her. "What brought all of this on?"

"Well, I know you've been working so hard honey, I just wanted to bring you a nice hot dinner." she said sweetly. "I went to Apple-bee's and got you a Steak and baked potato and rolls." she said as they sat down on the sofa.

"Thank you baby-girl." he said as he kissed her. "Aren't you going to eat?" he asked noticing she wasn't eating.

"No, I ate before I left the house, this is for you." she said wanting to do something special for him.

Ted couldn't help but notice her open blouse, he could see her lacy bra that didn't leave much to the imagination. 

"Need some salt?" Patti asked as she leaned over in front of him, she knew he was looking at her tits.

"No, no I'm fine honey." he said, cutting into his Steak. They made small talk as he ate and she kept doing little things to distract him. Playing with the buttons on her blouse, making sure he saw her silk panties. God, she was making his cock hard. She did this on purpose and he knew she was loving it. Getting him all worked up. "I'm full." he said minutes later. "That was good." Patti stood and cleared the things from the coffee table. She looked at him as she walked over to the door and locked it with a loud CLICK. "Time for dessert." she said as she walked back to the sofa.

Damn! She sure did know how to get him stirred up, but his office wasn't the best place. She had always told him she would surprise him. Well today was the day. "That was great hon'." he said kissing her. "Thank you baby." he sat back and looked at his watch, Sherri wouldn't be back for awhile. 

Patti hitched her skirt above her waist and straddled Ted's lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and started to kiss him. He put his arms around her as she licked and sucked on his earlobe. "Mm-mm, I like that." he tells her as he rubs her back.

"I want to please you." she whispered in his ear. "I'm going to make you cum." 

Ted takes her head in his hands and kisses her passionately. He can never get enough of her.

"I'm going to be your whore." she tells him getting up off of his lap and going to her knees in front of him. She looked up at him and licking her lips she reached for his belt. "I'm going to suck your cock."

He couldn't believe she was doing this in his office. He knew he should stop her, he could get fired for something like this. She slowly unzipped his jeans as he watched her every move.

She glanced up at him as she reached in and stroked his cock. Patti started to tug his pants and undies down. Ted stood and helped her pull them down to his ankles. She had started this and he was going to let her finish it. She was a wild woman, but she was his wild woman. He sat down and got comfortable

"Mm-mm, cock." she said as she licked his balls, flicking her tongue across them. She looked up at him, stroking his cock. "I love sucking your cock." she said as she continued to flick her tongue all over his cock and balls. She let spit run out of her mouth and all over his cock, licking it up.

"Well, I love when you suck it." he tells her as he watches her lick and suck his cock. He has never met a woman who was as horny as she was. Anytime and anyplace. 

Patti nibbled his cock all over, nibbling the sensitive underside. "Oh yeah." he moans as she flicks her tongue across the head of his dick. "Mm-mm you are my slut." he says as she takes the head of his cock into her mouth sucking him gently. She was making his cock so wet.

Patti loved being his slut and she loved when he called her his slut, his whore. 

"Suck me, do it baby." he moaned as he sat up and grabbed her head and held her down on his cock. He stood and she held onto him as she sucked him deeper. "Ah-h, fuck." he said as he felt her bobbing her mouth up and down on his cock. Twisting her hair in his hands he slowly fucked her mouth.

Patti was loving it, feeling his hard cock in her mouth. Wondering if they would get caught made it exciting for her. "Um-m." she moaned as she took his cock as deep as she could. Reaching down with one hand she unbuttoned her blouse.

Ted saw her perfect tits through her bra, he loved to lick and nibble on them hearing her moaning for him to suck them harder and to bite them. She was making his dick feel good, he needed to cum.

Suddenly there was knocking on the office door, "Ted! Hey Ted!" Brian called through the door trying to open it. "Hey! Your door's locked."

"Shit!" Ted said as Patti pulled away from him. "Yeah! I'll be right there." he called recognizing his co-worker Brian from down the hall. He pulled his pants up, zipping them up he grabbed her by the hand. He pulled her over to his desk. "Get under here." he whispered helping her to get under the desk. "Don't move." he said as he quickly went over and unlocked the door. Grabbing her purse he went and sat back down at his desk. Slipping it to her he picked up his cell phone.

"What are you doing in there jacking off?" Brian asked with a laugh, as he walked in. He stopped in the middle of the room when he saw Ted on the phone.

"Yeah, okay honey, I'll be home around the regular time." he said into the phone waving Brian over. 

"Yes dear, all right dear I love you too, alright bye-bye." Ted said looking at Brian and shrugging his shoulders as if to say "Women what are ya gonna do with them?" Hanging up Ted moved up closer to the desk, his cock was throbbing.

"I just wanted to let you know those reports have to be finished by Thursday and not Friday like we thought." Brian said as he sat all the papers on the desk.

"Crap!" Ted exclaimed that gave him one less day to work on them. "Well if they have to be in by Thursday there's nothing we can do but get them done." he said as he felt Patti reaching up and rubbing his cock through his pants. He reached down and moved her hand away, it didn't do any good. She just reached for him again. He took a deep breath, trying to calm down. He was so horny now he needed release. She was being a very naughty girl today, she would have to be punished. 

Brian sat in the chair in front of Ted's desk, making himself comfortable. "Did I tell ya my girlfriend dumped me?" he asked as Ted sat there and glanced through the papers.

"Uh,no, no you didn't." Ted said wanting to get rid of Brian so he and Patti could finish what she had started. Brian was a nice enough guy but sometimes he didn't know how to take a hint. "Well, I'd better get busy or I'll never have these ready by Thursday." Ted said said as he felt her tugging his zipper down, hoping Brian didn't hear it. Thankfully the stereo was on repeat, maybe the music covered up the noise.

Patti got his zipper down and she took his cock out. She stroked him, she took him back into her mouth. Sucking him. Hopefully Brian would leave soon. Patti continued to suck and lick his cock while Brian went on and on about his girlfriend. Ted was doing everything he could do to stay in control. She was driving him insane with the way she was sucking him. 

"Sorry to hear about you and your girlfriend." Ted said praying Brian would leave. "Maybe you'll kiss and makeup."

"I dunno, maybe. I guess I'll have to give her time to get over being mad."

The more she sucked his cock the hotter she was getting. Her panties were getting damp. She was on her knees under the desk. Just knowing Brian was there was so hot to her.

"I'd better get busy with these." Ted said hoping Brian would get the hint and leave. He couldn't take much more of her sucking his cock. It was taking everything he had not to moan out loud. She was going crazy on his dick. Ted glanced down and could see her looking up at him and licking her lips.

"Oh yeah sure," Brian said standing thinking that Ted was acting a little funny. As if there was something was going on and he didn't want Brian to know. "Well, let me know if you need anything." he said walking toward the door.

"Oh I sure will, I'll get these done asap." Ted said as Patti took his cock all the way. Ted couldn't help but gasp. "Mm-mm." he moaned.

"Are you okay?" Brian asked as he opened the door.

"Yep, fine." Ted said wishing Brian would leave. "Just a little indigestion." 

"Okay see ya." Brian said as he walked out and closed the door.

Ted gave a sigh of relief, that was close. It sure didn't help with Patti under the desk sucking his cock as if she had never sucked cock before. Patti looked up at him from under the desk, she looked so sexy and sweet there on the floor. Thank God there was room under there he thought with a chuckle.

"Come here young lady." he said as she let his cock slip out of her mouth. He helped her to her feet.

"I just don't know what to do with you." he said trying to sound angry. It didn't work. He just couldn't get mad at her. If he did get mad at her it never lasted long. She always did something to get rid of his anger. "You are such a naughty wife." he tells her as he wraps his arms around her waist and pulls her to him. "Somebody is going to have to be punished." he tells her slapping her ass gently.

"Really? Who?" she asked teasing him.

"Oh, I think you know her, she is my little slut." he tells her as he reaches for the phone, hoping Sherri was back at her desk. "Sherri, I'm going to be working late so you can go ahead and go home if you'd like." he said. He hung up the phone satisfied Sherri would be gone in a few minutes. He got up and went and locked the door just in case. Everyone would think he had left for the day, he always locks his office.

Patti leaned up against his desk, he walked over to her slowly. "Naughty,naughty girl." he said as he reaches for her. "Such a bad girl." he tells her as he reaches for her blouse. "You don't need this." he tells her as he unbuttons her blouse the rest of the way. He pulls it off of her arms and throws it on the chair. "You don't need this either." he tells her as he reaches behind her and unhooks her bra. He removes her bra and caresses her tits. He loves playing with her tits, teasing them. Making her nipples so hard.

"Are you going to punish me now?" she asks with a little pout.

"Yes, yes I am." he tells her as he bends down and licks her nipples one after the other. Sucking them into his mouth. 

"Yes," she whispers loving the way he sucks her tits. "Yeah." she moans as she grabs his head holding him down on her tit. He gently bites her nipple. 

"Bite them." she begs him as she reaches for his hard cock. Stroking him, feeling how hard he was. He bites them a bit harder, making her tense up. "Yes." she moans.

"Suck me." he orders her as he looks at her. He pushes her to her knees in front of him. "Do it now." 

Patti does as she is told, wanting to please him. Holding his cock in her hand she slowly licks his dick. Looking up at him as she licks her way to the head of his cock. 

Ted watches her, he loves to watch her taking his cock in her mouth. She licks him slowly. Feeling her hot,wet tongue on his cock. She takes the head of his dick into her mouth. She takes his cock as deep as she can, in and out. "Suck my cock slut." he tells her as he grabs the back of her head and holds her down. Fucking her mouth, she sucks him hard. "That's it, yeah." he moans as she sucks him faster, slurping on his cock. Damn, her mouth is so wet on his cock. He loves it.

God, she loves sucking his cock. Holding onto his waist she sucks his cock like a whore. "Mm-mm," she moans as he fucks her mouth.

"Stand up." he tells her pulling her to her feet. He turns her around facing the desk. "Bend over the desk." Her skirt is still above her waist.

She hesitates. "I said bend over." he tells her as he reaches for her pussy. "Silk panties." he says as he rubs her ass cheeks. "Sexy." he tells her as he suddenly smacks her ass.

"Um-mm." she moans, it stung a little. She wasn't expecting that, but she did like it.

"I'm just going to have to spank you for being a naughty girl." Ted says as he smacks her silk covered ass again and again. He pulls her panties down. "Step out of them." 

She can't help but moan and whimper a bit. She does as she is told, stepping out of the panties. She is completely naked in his office. 

"Spread your legs." he orders her, stockings and heels are so sexy. He reaches under her and rubs her pussy, she is wet and slick. She pushes her pussy into his hand, wanting him to finger her. "Do you think I should finger you?" he asks knowing he will end up giving her what she wants.

"Please?" she asks feeling him rubbing across her sensitive Clit. "Um-mm." she moans.

"Like this?" he asks as he suddenly pushes two fingers inside of her.

"Yes!" Patti gasps as he fingers her fast and hard. She spreads her legs as far apart as she can. She wants his fingers as deep as he can get them inside of her. 

"This is just the beginning." he tells her as he strokes his cock. He continues to finger her fast and hard.

Patti is moaning and jerking around, "Ah-hh, yes baby." she tells him. 

He suddenly pulls his hand away from her, turning her around to face him he looks at her. "Suck your pussy juice from my fingers." he tells her. Taking his hand she licks and sucks her juices from his fingers. "Taste good?" he asks her.

"Yes," she says as he bends down and kisses her,tasting her pussy.

"Up on the desk." he says helping her onto the desk. "Just like that."

She does as she is told, lying down on her back. Ted takes her legs and spreads them. Patti lies there waiting for him. "Such a wet little pussy." he tells her as he bends down and licks her. God,she is so wet and ready for him.

He licks and sucks her pussy, fucking her with his tongue. Putting her legs on his shoulders he licks his way to her Clit.

"Yes," she gasps as he flicks his tongue over her sensitive Clit. 

"You want my cock?" he asks her as he stands up, stroking his cock as he watches her.

"Yes, please." she begs him. "Fuck me."

"I guess you do deserve a good fuck, after all you did bring me a nice dinner." he said rubbing the head of his cock over her slit. He knew he needed to cum soon. 

Patti grasped him by his arms, "Please honey?" she asked him looking up at him.

He knew he couldn't wait he had to fuck her. "I'm going to fuck you hard." he tells her as he suddenly gives her his hard cock. "Yes," he groans as he sinks his dick into her pussy. She is so hot and wet, he loves being inside of her. "Such a tight pussy baby-girl." he bends down and kisses her deeply, she grabs him and pulls him closer. Kissing deeply and passionately he starts to pound into her. 

They could never get enough of each other, there was so much passion between them. 

"Fuck me." she Whispers looking up at him. "Do it, fuck your naughty girl, your slut, your whore." 

That's all Ted needed to hear he pounded her hard and deep. He needed to cum.

Patti spread her legs as wide as she could, felt him pounding into her. She loved when he fucked her. He takes her legs and puts them on his shoulders, he loves fucking her this way. He bends down and takes her left nipple into his mouth and nibbles it.

Patti gasps she loves that, "Yes." she whimpers as he fucks her. 

"You're so tight around my cock." he tells her as he pounds into her wet pussy.

Pulling out of her he helps her off of the desk "Bend over the desk." she does as he asks. "I'm so ready to cum." he says holding onto her as he fucks her. 

"Oh yeah, fuck yeah." he moans as he slams his dick into her hot hole.

Holding her by her hips he rams his cock into her again and again. 

"Don't stop, please don't stop." she begs him as she reaches for her Clit.

Rubbing herself hard she tenses up on the verge of her climax. "Yes,do it fuck your little whore." she cries loudly.

Damn! He was ready to explode, he needed to give her his cum. "Do it baby, cum all over my cock." he tells her. He can feel her tensing up, knowing she's going to cum.

"Fuck, cumming, cumming baby." she moans loudly as she climaxes around his cock. 

"Yeah baby, cum for me." he tells her feeling her shaking. That's all it takes. He pulls out of her, he turns her around and pushes her to her knees.

He grabs the back of her head as he pushes his throbbing hard cock into her mouth. "Take it!" he tells her as he fucks her mouth. She takes it as deep as she can. Sucking on it, sucking it like the little slut she is. "Suck it, suck the cum out of my cock you slut." he moans as she feels him tensing up. God, she makes his cock so hard. Fucking her face he holds her down on his cock. Not letting her come up for air he fucks her mouth.

"That's it my little cum slut, take it!" he tells her as he fills her mouth.

Gulping and swallowing she takes his cum, some drips out of the side of her mouth. So much cum, she loves the taste and taking it any way he wants to give it to her.