 *The fictional story of an everyday mature white woman who wants to feel really sexually alive for the first time before it gets too late as told by the one who she eventually turns to for help. Her first and most likely last Lover. A Black Man.

CHAPTER TWO - CUMMING TO KNOW

Linda was a bit nervous as she waited for Maggie to show up with "the book." She wondered if she was doing the right thing. She admired Maggie for having a certain sense of self apart from the other women she knew. 

She along with the rest were defined by their roles as "housewives." Their entire day was mapped out for them by the traditional roles they played as wives and mothers as ever the case may be. Linda's day started by getting up and seeing to it her husbands clothes were ready, his morning coffee was brewed and his clothes were hanging neatly for him to get dressed. 

Then she'd prepare his breakfast and wait for him to appear at the kitchen table. The television was her time keeper. Greg, her husband, would be downstairs just as the morning news was reporting the weather. Like clockwork, she could count on it. 

"Now that's the job I need" he was often known to repeat as if it was news to Linda. "That guy has a 50-50 chance of being right and if he is wrong..." 

"No one will fire him" Linda finished his sentence routinely. 

"Exactly!" Greg would proclaim. "If I don't get it right just one time, just one time they want my balls." He liked to see her blush when he said the word "balls." He'd then sip his coffee and his breakfast was served. 

"So what do you have going on today Kitten" he ask as if he cared or better yet, as if he didn't already know. But today he would have guessed wrong. 

"Well I'm having my sister pick up the kids kind of early" 

"What? Pick up the kids?" her husband questioned. 

"Yes she agreed to watch them for me." 

"What? Well that is news to me, why is that?" 

"Well hun, I have a lot of housework to get done today and Yvette offered to watch the kids so they aren't under foot" 

"Oh" Greg said implying his approval. "Yeah I guess." 

"She'll bring them back after "Days of Our Lives." 

"Oh OK" he said so very disinterested and not knowing what that meant exactly. 

The "Soaps" and other TV shows was how she was able to keep track of time, he'd never understand her housewife system but for her it worked. Greg finished his breakfast, drained his coffee cup and with a peck on Linda's cheek was out the door just as Willard Scott was wishing Annabelle Murphy a Happy 94th Birthday. Just like clockwork.

Yvette and the kids were out the door just before "As The World Turns" came on. Maggie showed up half way through it. A freshly brewed pot of coffee and Linda was waiting for her. Patiently waiting for her. Something was different about it all. Linda could feel it in her bones. She wasn't sure what was going to be said or how she would say it. Maggie took the lead. 

"Well I brought the book, but I have to tell you it is really not that hot." 

"What do you mean?" 

"Well like I said a man can't tell us anything about sex" 

"But he's a doctor" 

"He's just another spare prick walking around just like most of them that haven't got a clue" 

Linda knew from this point on she had to let Maggie tell her what she had no idea of. After all, Maggie "knows" things she had no idea of. 

"Maggie are you off today?" 

"Aaaa I could use a break so I called off" 

"Really, won't you get in trouble?" 

"Fuck 'em, they need me and they know it and they know I know it. Let those pencil neck pricks say something, I wish they would. Fuck 'em" 

Linda tried hard not to look as embarrassed as she felt by the way her friend talked. 

"So anyway Toots what is it you think you need help with?" 

"Well frankly I don't know how to put it" 

"Come on, we can talk just us girls, which frankly is what the book is really all about. Finally Nancy Friday had the balls to let women say what the fuck is really on their minds" 

Women... with "the balls" Linda was even more embarrassed by the term then when Greg said it routinely. 

"Come on tell me what's on your mind, I'm your friend" 

"Wellllll this isn't easy for me but I read just the first chapter" 

"Oh yeah JOHNNY UNITE US" Maggie exclaimed. 

"Yes the woman at a football game and then a stranger is putting his thing between her legs..." 

"No deary, a stranger is putting his "COCK" between her legs, not his thing" 

"Right, that thing" 

"Linda you are a grown woman, little boys have "things", men, a man has a COCK... it isn't the same."

Linda was feeling the same flush she felt when she opened the book. The same wetness was beginning to happen between her legs. She was even more confused as to what it all meant. Maggie saw her face go scarlet. 

"Let me ask you something. Forget the book for a minute. As you were growing up, only you know, after you had your period for the first time, didn't you get... well feelings in your pussy?"

"My what?" 

"Your pussy Sweety, you do have one you know" 

"Oh Maggie I don't know maybe I made a mistake to bring this up" 

"Listen Sweety there is nothing to be ashamed of. You have a pussy, a cunt. Like it or not it is what you a full blooded grown ass woman has "down there" Honey. Like Areatha says "Let's call this song exactly what it is" Maggie said so very bluntly. 

"Well yes I have a vagina" Linda could hardly believe she said it herself. 

"Sweety am I your friend or you gynecologist? Vagina? Fuck that. You have a pussy, a cunt, a snatch, a twat, a hairy beaver..." 

"Wait" Linda was even more flushed and it was suddenly getting very hot in there for her. 

"Wait my ass, you got something "down there" different than me and every other female has? OK call it what you will Babycakes but it is what it is." 

Linda began to tear up. She really felt she had made a mistake. Maggie sensed the depth of her naivete and realized she was coming on way too strong for her. So she changed her approach, after all it was Linda who "needed to know everything about sex but was afraid to ask" she reminded herself. 

"OK I see now. Let me ask you a question. What is it you think you need to know? Talk to me. I will shut up and listen. I really want to help you." Then she added, "Got any wine or booze"? 

"Isn't it too early for a drink"? 

"What time is it"? 

Linda checked with the TV. "Well the "Young and the Restless" just came on so...." 

"So it is time we had a cocktail for two, don't you think?" 

Linda decided to go for it even in spite of what she felt she should do. She grabbed a bottle of Merlot and led Maggie into the living room. They sat together on the sofa and sipped the first glass in silence. Linda seldom drank much at all and one glass had a bigger effect on her then she realized. "OK, can I explain things my way in my own words?" 

"Absolutely please" Maggie sighed. 

"Well you see I read that first chapter and something happened to me. My face felt flush and down there... Oh God... my pussy felt strange." 

Even Maggie knew that saying pussy was a stretch but the labors in the California vineyards were not for nothing and the Merlot made it easier for her to say it. 

"How so?" 

"I'm not sure, different strange" 

"Did it feel different good strange or different bad strange? 

"Well that is just it... I don't know I never felt it like that before." 

Maggie was a bit taken aback by the statement and may have pressed, no pried even more. Surely a grown woman with a husband AND kids should know her body better than what she was hearing Linda say but she decided not to jump to any conclusions. Linda was obviously very suppressed sexually and Maggie felt a very different sense of the help her friend needed. "Tell" was all she said and let Linda and the Merlot find the right words. 

"Maggie, something happened down there, OK I'll try and say it plainly but bear with me, I have never experienced this so as far as talking about it frankly as you may... please bear with me" 

Again Maggie simply said "Tell" and tried her best to look softly at her friend and supportive. 

"OK, well frankly my... my pussy felt wet and I went to look cause I thought something was wrong. I went into the bathroom and checked for blood but it was just wet. It looked a bit swollen and... and... something right at the top of it was sticking or poking out. That has never happened before." 

Now Maggie took a long sip of her wine and nodded her head. She reached for Linda's hand and held it lovingly. "Sweety... that is all very natural for a woman. When a woman gets, well aroused her body reacts and by that I mean... ummmm errr ahhh... she gets wet "down there" and her private parts... well... they change. It is very natural" 

"But it has never happened to me before" Linda exclaimed. 

"Never?" 

"Nope" 

"Even when you were young and used to... you know... play with yourself?" 

"Maggie I don't even know what you mean by that" 

"Honey... we need something more than Merlot... at least I feel like I do. Got any Bourbon?" 

Linda went to her husband's liquor cabinet "No Bourbon but we have rum." 

"Good enough." Linda came back with a bottle of Bacardi. "What goes with it?" 

"Coke Babydoll, rum and coke." 

"Oh we drink Pepsi." 

"Same thing" Maggie poured her drink and one for Linda.

After what one would call a belt Maggie looked at Linda and said "Do you trust me?" 

"Of course I do, you are the only one I would even think to talk about this to. You are not like the other women I know" 

"Sweety I have just figured out I am not like anyone else you know and YOU certainly are not like anyone else I know. But that is a good thing because today we are going to really get to know each other better and you are going to learn things about yourself." 

"How can you be so sure of that?" Linda wondered. 

"Baby girl you don't even know what your clit is but you are about to find out and once you do you will be way through and beyond the looking glass. Trust me." Linda said. 

"I do. I do Trust you." and from that point on she let herself be in Maggie's hands.

.

"That thing you found sticking out on top of your thing down there." 

"My pussy Maggie, please No more kid gloves." 

"OK, fine that was your clitoris that was sticking out. Your clit for short." 

Linda nodded "Oh I heard of those before but I never knew what that really meant." 

"Well if you were to look at it really it looks a bit like the head of your husband's ummmm" 

"COCK!" Linda found the courage in her glass of rum to say. 

"Exactly! Maggie felt a triumph hearing her friend loosen her tongue. "YES COCK HEAD. But frankly it is even better to have a clit. I could tell you the biology about the number of nerve endings we have in our clits than a roomful of men have in the head of their cocks but again trust me. Your clit poked out because it was excited by what you read." 

"Really?"

"Yes really. Fact is my clit's been doing the same thing as you and I have been talking." 

"Your kidding... why?" 

"Why?" 

"Yes why? There are no men around, no ummmm talk about men or about ummmmm cocks... cocks... wow I can't believe I am saying that so easy." 

"Well, let me see how I can put this... women, a woman does not absolutely need a "cock" to feel aroused." 

Linda now really Barcardi bold said, "Well frankly I have been married to one for over 3 years and this has never happened to me before." 

Maggie couldn't help but laugh but then she turned very serious and said, "Here if you don't believe me I guess maybe I better show you." Maggie reached down and pulled her sweatpants and her panties down to her ankles. She leaned back and spread her legs wide. 

Linda stared transfixed at her friend and directly between her legs to be exact. She saw that like she had been yesterday the area between Maggie's legs was swollen and a button of flesh was protruding out. Maggie's "clit" seemed to be not as big as Linda's looked to her when she had examined herself but it was there to be sure. 

"Touch it. Go on and touch it. Gently with your fingers. Feel my clit. Right here. Touch it." 

Linda heard it in Maggie's voice and saw it in her eyes. She knew it was OK. She placed her finger lightly on the little nub. She had no idea what exactly to expect but she was feeling very warm between her own legs. 

"See. Natural for a woman. This is where a woman really begins. It is not what goes into your pussy that makes the difference. All the difference of a woman is right there where your finger is now." 

Linda could not get over what she was feeling. If there was such a thing as feeling a "rush" this was it. Maggie looked her directly in her eyes and said, "Now show me. Show me your pussy, let me see your clit. Do it. Give." 

Linda was not reluctant to do just that just then. She stood up and removed her skirt. She almost snatched her panties off as if they were burning her skin. Naked from the waist down she parted her legs. The patch of hair parted like a curtain opening and there was her clit popping straight out and throbbing like a thing with a heart and pulse of all it's own. In the split second Linda knew what it was. Maggie looked at her and suddenly without warning grabbed the back of Linda's ass and pulled her right into her waiting mouth. So quickly her lips were on Linda she didn't have any time to protest or to move away. 

Maggie's tongue darted against her flesh and her hands held Linda's ass firmly. Linda reach down and placed her hands on the back of Maggie's head. She didn't quite understand why but instead of pushing her away she was pulling her even closer. 

"Ohhh Ohhhh Ohhh " Linda gasped. 

Maggie meanwhile was speaking but Linda could not quite get what she was saying. 

"Ohhh myyy ohhhh myyyy Maggie... Magggiiiieeeeeee... Ohhhhh GOD.... Magggieeee... The next thing Linda knew a word came out of her depths and burst past her lips... 

"FUCK" she said and then she said it again but it came out "OH FUCK" this time. Her hands held Maggie's head tightly against her... and suddenly everything about her whole body just went haywire and she felt as if she was about to explode. 

"Ohhh my sweet fucking cuuunt" Linda had no idea why she had screamed those last words. They just kind of poured out of her and she felt as if her whole body were pouring out of every part of her skin. Her head was spinning and she felt her as if the blood in her pussy was bubbling. Her nipples were on fire and electricity raced from them, down her spine and zapped into her pussy but it was all exploding in her clit as Maggie sucked, nibbled and even bit it but all ever so lightly...Her hands left Maggie's head and shot out straight. They trembled and so did her whole body it seemed and just as quickly as Maggie had taken her, Linda fell back and away and crashed back into the sofa. Convulsing, sweating and panting she felt wave after wave toss her body back and forth. Her hands shot between her legs and she curled into a fetal position. She couldn't move. She couldn't talk. She felt helpless and at the same time she felt... "powerful". 

That made no sense at all to her. She shuddered a few times and could barely sense the quilt Maggie threw over her. She was very dazed and could not tell how long it was before she was able to raise up and look across at Maggie. Maggie said not a word but just smiled and nodded. Then suddenly Linda felt the uncontrollable urge to laugh and so that is just what she did. Maggie laughed with her. Then she laid down behind Linda and put an arm just under her breasts. Linda pulled that same arm in tight after kissing Maggie's hand. Then she drifted off to sleep.

When the opening theme for "Days of Our Lives" began Linda's eye's shot open. The warmth and feel of Maggie's body lay obviously behind her. She did a furious flashback of what had happened between them and if ever she felt confused she was confused by the need to be confused. "Maggie... Maggie?" 

"Yeah?" Maggie responded finally. 

"Maggie what happened? I mean what does this mean? Oh my God have I been a lesbian all this time???" 

Maggie had to laugh but this time she laughed alone. 

"Oh God is that is what is the matter here?" 

"Sweety trust me you are no lesbian" Maggie said again laughing. 

"Well, welll are you one? I mean if you are that's OK but I can't be one with you Maggie I'm sorry... I just..." 

Maggie reached for Linda's left nipple and gave it a little squeeze. "Relax Babes you are not a lesbian as far as I can tell and trust me neither am I... I love cock too much for that. With me it's just that I don't have any problem being sexual with a woman at all. Not that I get much of a chance to but hell, it's not everyday a virgin comes your way." 

With that Linda flipped over abruptly and put some distance between them so she could confront Maggie face to face. "But what just happened? You... I... We..." 

"We what Linda? What did we do? You really don't have a clue do you?" 

"Please don't do this. I asked you to help me. To be a friend, my friend" 

"You think I'm not?" 

"I have no fucking idea what to think." Linda's loose language was taking her even by surprise. "What we did Maggie. What does it mean? I'm confused. It felt too good at one point to stop then whatever happened I really can't even say and now I don't know how to feel." 

"Well how it felt to you then when it was happening and how it feels to you now is what you need to think about. I can't tell you how you feel if it is good or bad. But trust me Honey, you did not just become a lesbian. Just like that. No you have nothing to worry about if that bothers you. If you ask me what happened is you became a "woman". 

Linda thought abut what she was hearing. "I thought I was a woman... I'm married with kids and I'm 27 years old". 

"Yes." Maggie nodded and yesterday and all before that you had a clit and didn't know it and didn't know what your clit can do. Now you know. No looking back Lindy." 

"I don't get it. That isn't all I don't get. Yesterday you said you "used" Nancy Friday's book. How?". 

Maggie leaned up on her elbow, looked at Linda and again had to remind herself just how clueless Linda was. "I use it to masturbate. You know. I read the fantasies these women have and as I do I play with myself. It's a good book but frankly it is a sex book to me. I get off reading and playing with my pussy till I make myself cum. You have done that right?" 

"Come? Where? How? And no I have never "played" with myself. Don't get me wrong I know the word "masturbation" but isn't that what boys do? How can I masturbate I don't have a... a.... Hell "cock" ok... I said it... How do you masturbate if you are not a boy?". 

Maggie looked at the time. "Is it that late already?" 

"Well Days of Our Lives" is still on but when it's over I have to start dinner." 

"Well then I haven't a whole lot of time to show you but trust me, women masturbate just like men. Girls masturbate like boys and in fact science is convinced that girls masturbate while still in their mother's womb." 

"Oh for God sake how would they know that?" 

"That's science for you... Now let me show you how I do it. However you do it is up to you. Again it is natural." With that Maggie began to play with her pussy. She maintained eye contact with Linda who could only stare. Meanwhile the sensation flushed her body. She was feeling urges she could not explain. As Maggie rubbed her cunt Linda wondered if she was supposed to put her mouth on Maggie's pussy the way she'd done Linda. 

"Oh My God." Linda struggled again about not knowing what to do. She started to dive in but chickened out. Maggie kept fingering herself till she managed to pull a rabbit out of her hat for the audience. Just then "Days of Our Life" went off and Linda snapped back to reality. 
