 It began with a long bus ride from the big city to a small western town in cow country. There was a rodeo that weekend and for me a first job away from home, stepping out into the world, even if it was only working as a gopher for a franchise motel. Like hundreds of others in North America, the Jonesburg Lodge was just off the highway as you enter the main street. I hopped off the Greyhound, suitcase in hand, at dawn. Other than a pair of stumbling drunks, the place was deserted and the motel office sign said no vacancy. There was a note on the front door with detailed instructions for me to find my room. At the assigned door I found another sign, "welcome Chris, first door on the right, we'll see you in the morning." A quick glance told me I was in the owners' suite so, quite as a mouse; I spotted my bedroom and was out like a light. 

About three hours later I met the owners, Mr. Ollie Grant and his wife Charlotte. Ollie was a solidly built, retired, naval officer in the latter half of his forties. Charlotte was at least fifteen years younger and in the full bloom of feminine charm. I soon learned that her preference in dress was diaphanous harem pants, and cotton blouses, fashionable attire for the late sixties. She chose not to wear a bra, and my eighteen year old eyes homed in on her prominent perky nipples and ample cleavage. She made no attempts at modesty while I tried my best not to ogle. The job came about as the result of a school English assignment, write a job query letter and resume; he who gets the job gets an A. Well right about then, I was thanking Mr. Cross for initiating the contest.

The first week whisked by as I met other staff and learned everything from front desk reception, to washing dishes in the restaurant. Reception was my favorite as I have a knack for engaging people in conversation and adjusting my demeanor to suit them. In no time, I can get along with just about anyone. The exception back then, was members of the opposite sex, especially good looking ones. I was nervous and self-conscious in their company. Without being vain, I was considered good looking; my mum assured me. With a good physique from rowing and high school sports, I was very wiry and strong for my age. However, my confidence with women was a thin as my 175 pound, 6' 2" frame. Some of the waitresses at the lodge restaurant dropped hints but I was too dense to pick up the thread. The head house keeper, a woman in her mid-forties, made it painfully clear I could drop by and see her any time, but she reminded me of mum. Well you know how that went over. Charlotte was different. She was kind, paying me compliments, but very solicitous and physical with Ollie. I maintained respect for their privacy and never ventured beyond the living room. However she made no attempt to curtail the sounds of sex. I heard some interesting things at night, prompting numerous hard on frustrations. One thing I enjoyed was Ollie's extensive collection of playboy and penthouse magazines stacked in my room. There was more than one date with a magazine girl in my private quarters.

About three weeks in, things changed. Ollie made a trip to Seattle to visit his mother and conduct some franchise business. Charlotte was left in charge and within an hour of his departure the atmosphere at the Lodge changed. The staff became more on edge as Charlotte prowled the complex. Ollie had told me to clean up the front of the compound entrance, which was a weedy mess. I was doing this when Charlotte came by and said, "When you finish there come around a do our garden for us as well." 

"Sure just a soon as I get this done."I worked on the weeding and had it all cleaned up, it was lunch time so I went into the restaurant and was at the counter enjoying my BLT when Charlotte stormed in. "Why haven't you got my garden weeded yet? I just looked and it's a god awful mess now finish that up and get off your ass and do it!" Fortunately the café was deserted so only the waitress witnessed the tirade.

"Jesus I'm glad I'm not in her bad books. What did you do, turn her down or something? I figured with you living in, it would take the edge off." I gave the waitress a puzzled look.

"What do you mean?"

"Oh trust me "she snickered "You'll find out...happens every time the boss goes away."

Some might think I would have taken this as a hint, but I was quite naïve and frankly was worried about getting fired as I gulped down the sandwich and headed for the owner's patio. The area was secluded and raised, with an abutment of rock hiding it from street view. I brought my bucket and frantically began pulling weeds, giving some thought to pruning an overly aggressive shrub while I was at it. The sun was direct and hot, at least 85 so I slipped off my shirt and was glistening with sweat. After half an hour I heard the patio door and turned around.

"Look I'm sorry about earlier, you do a good job around here, it's hot as hell, why don't you come in and have a cool drink?" She was dressed in a skimpy green two piece with a transparent shawl arrangement which swirled as she moved, accenting her jiggly charms. I thought for a half second then smiled. "Sure, that would be great." Charlotte went to the fridge, bent over, giving me the start of a hard on, and turned around holding two long necked bottles of beer. Now I was not of drinking age but at the same time, well versed in the sampling of alcohol. She cracked the lids, handed me one, and we knocked bottles. I took a sip, she drained half the bottle.

"So tell me a little about yourself...finished school?"

"No mam just going into my senior year." She raised an eyebrow, "could have fooled me, I thought you were more like twenty one. Hmm that explains a lot..." She gave her red hair a toss and I could swear her green eyes became predatory.

"A young man like you, who is in great shape by the way, must have a posse of girls after him." I became more flustered than usual and couldn't meet her eyes.

"No mam, not much time with school and rowing and my sports." She stared out the window with a distant look. I finished the beer and thanked her then headed back out to resume work. I glanced over my shoulder and saw her in the window; from below I couldn't tell clearly, but I could swear that her hand was down the front of her suit.

The next two days went fast and I was looking forward to going out on the town for the first time since arrival. I met two locals who figured they could sneak me into a bar so away I went. I normally bus tables at night in the dining room, but had asked Charlotte for the night off. She gave me a big smile and said "go ahead have fun, but don't be out so late that you can't get up in the morning to help with early check outs." The night wasn't all that great. My two friends got me into a bar but they also got us into a shoving match and had us ejected. Things continued outside and I took off before anything more serious happened. I didn't want to have to be bailed out of jail because the police would soon discover I was underage. 

I got back to the Motel around midnight and tip toed into my room. I had a fair buzz going from the beer and briefly passed out, half naked, on the bed. A couple of minutes later I heard voices outside my bedroom door, male voices, two of them. They were saying good night to Charlotte and she was shushing and hurrying them out. It suddenly registered in my alcohol fogged brain that Ollie was out of town. Just who the hell were these voices, male voices at this time of night? Charlotte hustled them out and I heard her set the dead bolt. Then my door opened and I heard husky breathing. I was lying on top of the sheets with my back turned to the door in just my briefs. Charlotte came over to the edge of the bed and leaned over, I was instantly aware of pungent female musk.

"I know you're not asleep...you came home at an inconvenient time, just when things were getting interesting. Wake up sexy boy it's playtime." She reached over and put a feverishly warm hand on my shoulder rolling me onto my back. Charlotte was wearing that shawl I'd seen earlier, the one which was more of a mirage than a garment, otherwise she was naked. I didn't know where to look...her heaving tits or her moist red bush. She had what I would now call 'that freshly fucked' look about her. I was hard as a rock in a flash and desperately tried to cover the cock which was threatening to break free of my briefs. Charlotte sat beside me on the bed, took my hands away and in a swift movement had my briefs in the corner.

"You've never been with a woman before have you?" Those piercing green eyes were filled with lust. This time I held her stare. "Well maybe I have but perhaps you could help me?" I was so nervous I thought I was going to bite my tongue.

"Don't be shy, there's lots of things to learn. Mmmm you have such a nice, nice cock and body... Let my look at you." She bent over and gently kissed my lips, a chaste kiss, then my cheeks and neck. All the while I was shaking like a leaf. When she took my hand and placed it on her breast I groaned and an electric shock rifled through my body. I palmed her stiff nipple and Charlotte arched her back, giving a love cry. I had felt female breasts before but never under these circumstances. Then she took my other hand and guided it onto the soft hairs of her mound. She was sopping and sticky. Later I realized that she was cum soaked but I could have cared less right about then. Now Charlotte was a small woman about 5'4" and built like my friends and I would say a Brick...well you get the idea. She climbed on top of me and lowered herself onto my throbbing dick. For the next thirty seconds I enjoyed the rapture of my lost virginity. Then it was shattered as I shot a geyser of cum into her. I was horrified! My first time with a real hot blooded woman and I'd lost it. I began to babble apologies, fearing she would laugh and reject me. Instead she gently climbed off and cuddled up next to me. With a skillful adjusting of sheet we were soon wrapped and snuggled while she cooed about how big I was and how great it would be next time. She said,

"Once you get your strength we are going to take it slow and I'm going to teach you things you've only read about in those magazines I left for you. She kissed my mouth, with a bit more passion, then snuggled in close and held me. As my pounding heart slowed, I snoozed. I was awakened with firm breasts pressed into my back and a gentle hand tickling my balls. My cock responded and I turned to meet her with a passionate kiss. Now this was familiar territory having made out a few times. 

"So I see you've been kissed by someone other than your mother. Well, when you're ready we can continue your education." We tongue tussled for a while during which my cock regained stature then I moved to her nipples. She arched, offering each in turn. 

"Not so fast...a little harder, yes, yes, just like that." 

I was a good pupil with a skilled teacher. When she slid down and took me in her mouth I thought I would come again. Remember, this was the sixties and oral sex was somewhat of a mystery that not all girls would agree to explore. She was the first to even initiate the blessed event. The skill, with which she brought me to the edge, was exquisite. To her credit, she suggested we shower before continuing the evening's lesson. She led me by the cock through into the inner sanctum of their private playroom. My eyes took in things I had heard about and other's I could only imagine the purpose of. In the middle of the room was a low platform bed with numerous pillows and a tangle of satin-silk sheets. The dominant color theme was red but with black accents. Numerous scented candles flickered. The scene was one of interrupted debauchery which reeked of sex.

We soaped one another and I tongue-washed every delightful curve. We ended up on my knees, face between her thighs. Her legs wrapped around my head and she leaned back, supporting herself on two short lengths of rope tied through rings bolted to the shower walls. Following her directions my tongue found her clit while my finger massaged her, "happy spot."

"Oh God! That's it...hmmmm how did you find it first time, you're a fucking wonder!" I had only gotten this far once before in a cramped front seat of my Dad's sports car, for as long as it took to discover that the girl was experiencing her time...she was too embarrassed and or scared to tell me. Suddenly Charlotte's cramped body rigid, and let out a yell. I'd never seen a real female orgasm before and almost dropped her. She didn't pull away so I clued into what had happened and continued merrily on while my own cock pulsed in time to my tongue thrusts. Water was pouring over me but suddenly the taste buds of my tongue filled with glorious nectar. I thought my cock was going to burst. Charlotte freed one hand and gently pushed me off her clit while disengaging our embrace.

"There is a better place to continue lover, let's towel off and then you'll learn to fuck with your cock as well as your tongue."

A few minutes later I was lying on top in missionary position. For the second time in my life I was soon balls deep inside a beautiful woman and my adolescent impatience had me thrusting wildly. 

"Stop! Just slow down, savor each stroke and feel the warmth as my tunnel wraps around you." She whispered in my ear, "Close your eyes and imagine each inch as it slides into me. Try to think how it feels from my side, and relish the joining of our bodies." I followed her lead and very soon saw the wisdom. She began to move in rhythm, tightening and releasing my cock with expertise and obvious enjoyment. We locked hands, then eyes and I adjusted thrusts, melding with her body. We moved faster and I automatically felt the need to bear down, pushing harder and stronger. My cock became more than an appendage; it was a sensory organ receiving and providing pleasure as we gradually gained momentum. Beads of sweat formed between my shoulder blades and the sounds of flesh slapping and squishing were gradually augmented by Charlotte's moans and my grunting. Her legs locked behind me as we ground together and her fingers dug into the backs of my arms while my breath came in ragged draughts. 

Eventually, I lost control and with a mighty rush of seminal fluids, spewed like a rocket then I rolled off gasping for air. Charlotte whispered,

"Now that wasn't bad, much better than the first time. Rest my young stud. In a bit, I'm going to teach you how to drive a woman out of her mind."

We lay side by side as her finger wandered over my chest and stomach in slow lazy circles. Then she suckled my nipples and her finger strayed onto my cock which jumped. Soon we were locked in embrace once again. This time I was behind slapping, balls hard, against her ass while she grunted and writhed. Her fingers gripped the sheets, balling handfuls as she came twice, then a third time. I felt like king, my cock was so hard yet the urge to come had receded, as if my body wanted to fuck her for ever. After several intense minutes she pulled away

"Lie on your back and let me work that cock." It was a command, not a request. 

She mounted me with a wild look in her eyes. Moving into squatting position she began slowly rising and falling on my cock, the sheen of her juices glistened as it pooled in the mass of my blonde pubic hair. As Charlotte gradually increased the pace she began uttering lewd suggestions about how she was going to "fuck my young cock for the rest of the night." Faster and faster she rose and fell, leaning back, hands on my knees, allowing me an eyeful of my cock penetrating puffy red lips; her body, piston-like, pounded my cock. The language became more intense and combined with the visual stimulation I felt my balls gathering a massive pool of need. She arched her back, thrust out her tits and howled as I unleashed a flood, shooting again and again, my seed being drawn as never before in my young life.

I came four times that night and the skin on my cock head was hyper-sensitive the next day as I helped hump luggage onto the tour bus. I didn't see Charlotte for the rest of the day and Ollie returned home that night. I couldn't face either of them for the better part of a week. If Ollie suspected anything, he gave no indication. In retrospect I recalled what the waitress had suggested about Charlotte and what happened when Ollie went away. In later years I came to realize that the whole business was possibly a set up. Charlotte had a rampant libido and sought many avenues of satisfaction. The head house keeper spent several nights with the Grants while she and her husband were "going through a rough patch" Ollie bought her a new car and she gave him a brief reprieve from Charlotte's sex drive. Although she and I never shared a bed again, Charlotte left me with a life time of memory.