 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

Christina was beyond excited. It wasn't just that they'd finally arrived in San Francisco after a long layover in Los Angeles but, in addition to finally being in the U.S., she was that much closer to actually seeing him in person. They'd been flirting and cybering for quite a while between her home in Brisbane, Australia and his in the U.S. before she used a family vacation to the States as an excuse to finally see him and, as they were both expecting, to get naked with him, suck his cock and fuck him. Even the long initial flight and layover followed by another flight couldn't dampen the excitement she was feeling. They had it all planned out and she knew, without a doubt, that before she went to bed the following night, she'd have finally felt his cock inside her. It would also be only the second cock she'd ever experienced since her husband had been her only lover up to this point in her life.

After a busy day spent seeing the sights of San Francisco, she was back in the hotel room with her family and nearly ready for bed. It wasn't just because of the mild January weather that she'd packed and was wearing a more sexy and slinky nightgown, so she was wearing a robe over it. She craftily allowed herself to appear increasingly frustrated by her family until announcing that she was going to take a walk around the hotel for a few moments to herself.

"In your robe and slippers?" her husband asked.

"I'm not leaving the hotel," she replied, with attitude, "I just need some time to get myself in a better frame of mind so I don't kill you all. It's either that or you can treat me to a spa day."

"See you soon!" he offered and she knew she'd played everything right.

Outside the room, she headed for the elevator and sent a text to let him know that she was on her way while she waited for it to arrive. If she'd been wearing any panties under her nightgown, they would have already been wet and she was glad to have the elevator to herself because she assumed that she was probably filling the air with pheromones. She realized that he was as excited to see her as she was to see him when he opened his door right as she was starting to knock on it. As the door swung closed behind her, she was already in his arms and her tongue was in his mouth. His hands were immediately on her round ass and she could feel his stiffness against her stomach.

He must have realized that they didn't have all of the time in the world because his hands soon moved up and started to slide her robe off her shoulders, so she reached between them to unfasten it then let it slide down her arms to the floor. He was sliding the straps of her nightgown off of her freckled shoulders next and she was quickly standing naked before him. When he stepped back to look her over, she saw that the lounge pants he was wearing were completely tented out in front. She had just a moment to reach out and massage his rigid tool before he picked her up and carried her to the bed. He set her on the edge and knelt before her and, after kissing her while fondling her large breasts, he started kissing his way down along her neck to her shoulders. From there, he continued down to her tits and, as he continued to caress them, he started to lick and suck her hard nipples.

She moaned and ran her fingers through his hair while he devoured her nipples and made her pussy even wetter than it had already been. Though it probably wasn't more than a minute or two, it felt like he spent hours with his lips and tongue on her nipples before he started kissing his way further downward. She spread her legs wide as his kisses moved closer to her pussy, which she had given a fresh grooming just that morning. He paused briefly to admire her trim red bush and kiss around it. When he ran his tongue up her slit, she couldn't help but let out a loud moan. He immediately started to devour her juicy pussy, lapping up her flowing nectar before slipping a couple of fingers into her while licking and sucking her clit. She fell backwards on the bed and started to push her pussy up toward his face while he was enthusiastically eating her.

She'd been looking forward to this for so long that she was nearly on the verge of cumming before he'd even touched her. Now that he was touching her, her orgasm was not only building rapidly, but promised to be incredibly intense. She started playing with her tits as she got closer and closer to cumming but didn't see that he was looking up and watching as he ate her because she'd closed her eyes. Nothing else existed any longer other than his fingers, his tongue and the pleasure she was feeling as her body began to tense up in anticipation of cumming. He continued to work his magic on her until she exploded and let out a loud cry of pleasure while her entire body convulsed. Wave after wave washed over her until she felt almost disconnected from her body and was swirling in a sea of pleasure. She had no idea how long she came but when the feelings began to taper off, she was almost expecting to see dawn peeking through the window.

He raised his head when she let out a sigh and went still, then slipped his fingers from her pussy into his mouth. He stood at the end of the bed looking over her fair and freckled skin and, when she finally opened her eyes again, he started to undress. He asked her to move up to the middle of the bed but she waited until he'd dropped his pants and revealed his throbbing tool. Knowing that the sooner she moved, the sooner it would be inside her, she made her way backwards without taking her eyes off of it. He got onto the end of the bed on his knees and moved up between her spread legs with his stiff tool bobbing in front of him. He lowered himself over her and guided his throbbing cock into her hot, dripping pussy. They both moaned as he filled her then he started kissing her again while sliding his cock in and out. She immediately started to raise her hips to accept each of his incoming thrusts more deeply. The harder he fucked her, the more difficult it was to continue kissing, so he moved his lips down to her neck.

"Fuck me hard," she moaned, even though he'd been pounding her good and hard for a few minutes already.

"No," he replied, much to her surprise, "I want you to fuck me so I can play with your tits."

He rolled off and lay beside her with his cock standing straight up. She didn't waste any time in straddling him and guiding his tool back into her as he fondled her tits. She took a quick glance at the clock as she bounced up and down on him and was satisfied that she wasn't taking too much time. The way his cock felt inside her, she knew that she'd be cumming again very quickly, then she was going to make sure that he came. He was completely engrossed for the moment in her alabaster globes and their light pink areolas and nipples, his hands exploring them thoroughly as they were bouncing. As she got closer to cumming, she knew that her pussy was getting even wetter and more engorged but she hoped that it wouldn't get him too close to cumming himself. Any concerns about whether he came or not were lost when the waves of pleasure once again washed over her and her entire body began to tremble. She let out a low moan and dramatically decreased the pace at which she was riding him while experiencing "la petite mort."

She sat on his stiff cock, feeling its girth filling her as she caught her breath after another intense orgasm while he continued to fondle her tits.

"I'm going to fuck these next," he said, "so if you want to lie down to recover, I won't mind at all."

She smiled and rolled off next to him, his cock slipping out of her pussy coated with her juices. He moved up to straddle her, laying his cock between her tits as she squeezed them together around it. He started to fuck her soft, smooth cleavage as she watched the head of his cock when it protruded from between her globes. He was smiling down at her with a bit of a glazed look in his eyes and she could feel his tool growing even thicker the longer he fucked her tits. She was looking forward to him shooting his load, not only because she'd cum twice and he hadn't cum yet, but also because she was planning to try to catch some on her tongue for a taste of him. The faster he fucked her tits, the more she got ready for his load to come shooting toward her. She was beyond pleased when he suddenly extracted his cock from between her tits and quickly moved up to slip it into her mouth.

She wrapped her lips around his throbbing tool and gripped his ass in her hands as he started to fuck her mouth. He was moaning from the moment she'd engulfed his cock but was sliding it in and out fairly slowly, she guessed to draw out the pleasure he was feeling even longer. She wanted to savor the feel and taste of his cock for as long as she could, anyway, so that was completely fine with her. When he finally grunted and she felt his cock spasm, she started to swallow the goo that he was shooting into her mouth. She was reluctant to release his cock from her mouth even once he was completely spent but once she did, he sat on his heels beside her and caressed her tits again.

"Don't go getting me even more worked up," she reprimanded, glancing at the clock again, "especially when you know I have to run. Are we all set for tomorrow night, too?"

They had planned out ways to get her out of her hotel room and into his without anything looking suspicious to her family for two consecutive nights, but beyond that they agreed it would be too risky. When she started to get up, he retrieved her nightgown and robe from the floor and helped her get back into them then checked the hall to make sure it was clear. Since it was, she gave him another kiss and slipped out.

The following night she surreptitiously sent him a text while slipping into her nightgown in the bathroom as a signal. A few minutes later, the room phone rang so, while everyone else stared in surprise, she picked it up. She had to suppress a smile as he started saying filthy things to her over the line. She had to act aghast and outraged and did a commendable job because her family was looking at her with concern.

"That was the foulest thing I have ever heard in my life," she said as she hung up, "I've never received an obscene phone call in a hotel room before."

She started to go back to what she was doing, but was acting as though she was still bothered by it.

"Do you think they can tell at the front desk if it came from within the hotel?" she finally asked her husband.

"Forget about it, will you?" was his reply as he checked emails on his Blackberry.

She pretended like she was trying to forget it but not doing a very good job.

"I'm just going to go down and check really quickly," she said, "to see if they can trace it. I'd hate to think this guy is just calling rooms all over the hotel and no one is going to do anything about it."

"Fine," her husband replied, still distracted.

She stepped out and sent another text to let him know that she was on her way. Moments later, he was opening his door for her and revealing that he was stark naked and already sporting wood. She stepped in far enough for the door to close then dropped to her knees and wrapped her lips around his tool. He indulged her overwhelming desire to have her mouth full of his meat but also noticed that, as she was sucking him off, she was stripping off her robe. Once that had slid down her arms she focused on sucking his cock for another minute or so before sliding the shoulder straps of her nightgown down her arms. Once her tits were free, she spent another minute or so sucking on his tool before lifting her tits up and squeezing them around it. She knew he'd enjoyed fucking her tits the night before so she wanted to make sure he had another opportunity, just as she'd wanted to suck him off again.

He relished the feel of her tits sliding up and down his tool for a few minutes before suggesting that she should finish getting undressed. Releasing her tits, she simply stood up and her nightgown and robe were around her feet. She was amused when his cock twitched as he looked over her naked physique. He asked her to kneel on the edge of the bed then stepped up behind her as she rested her cheek against the comforter. She moaned as he slipped his cock into her and, grabbing her by the hips, held her while he pushed it all the way in. He started to fuck her, still holding her hips as she reached back to stroke her clit, immediately sending a surge through her. As with the previous night, she was already worked up just from anticipation before she'd even walked in the door and sucking his cock had only pushed her farther along. When he reached around to fondle her swinging tits, she had started pushing back against his incoming thrusts so she could feel him penetrating her even deeper.

Each time she felt his hips banging against her ass, meaning he was fully embedded inside her, she was closer and closer to another of those intense orgasms like she'd experienced the previous evening. She probably could have cum without the assistance of her fingers but, given that they had limited time, she figured she was better off to help herself along. Her pussy was getting wetter the closer she got to cumming, which she assumed was helping him along as well, though he was thoroughly distracted by her tits at the moment. Fortunately, with each gentle tug on her nipples, she felt another push closer to the edge, so she was perfectly fine with where his focus was. When she started to cum, it was like an explosion of pleasure bursting from deep within her body. She wasn't sure how she managed to stay on her knees because it felt like her entire body had liquefied. She only became aware that he was apparently still fucking her, though he was holding her by the hips again, just before he slipped his cock out of her and stepped back.

"Turn over," he said, "and move up the bed. I want to see your body while I fuck you because I doubt I'll ever have an opportunity like this again after tonight."

She had regained enough of herself to comply then raised her ass up so he could wedge the pillows under it. He looked over her naked body lying before him as he stroked his throbbing tool then moved up between her thighs on his knees before guiding it back into her pussy. She didn't reach down to caress her clit again because she didn't want to block her pussy and trim, fiery bush from his view with her hand. She watched his eyes as they darted over her, taking in her big tits and pink nipples and areolas, her pretty face, blue eyes and full lips and, of course, her pussy with his cock sliding in and out of it. She could feel his cock continuing to get thicker and harder the longer he fucked her and suddenly realized that there was something she had to tell him.

"Don't cum inside me," she blurted out, "it would be difficult to explain why I am full of cum after a trip to the front desk."

He nodded to acknowledge he got it but didn't pull out of her right away, which meant he wasn't quite as close as she'd assumed. She relaxed again and went back to enjoying the feeling of his hard tool sliding in and out of her. When she did feel him pull out and move off the bed, she swung her legs around so that she could sit up on the edge of the bed. He stood before her and she took his throbbing tool in her hand, stroking it as she engulfed it in her mouth. He moaned and ran his fingers through her silky red hair as she sucked his cock and started to fondle his balls with her free hand. Even though his cock tasted like her pussy, she was inhaling his musk through her nose and relishing what she assumed would be her last opportunity to do so. When he started to subtly hump toward her face faster and faster, she was pretty certain that he was on the verge of cumming, which, although bittersweet, was good because she'd lost track of how long she'd been gone.

With a grunt and a spasm of his cock, he started pumping his load into her mouth and she eagerly swallowed it down. She continued to nurse his cock until he was completely spent and had stepped back, slipping his cock from her mouth. She smiled up at him then glanced at the clock and figured that, although she hadn't been gone too long, she probably should get going. She noted that he continued to admire her naked body for as long as she remained naked, his gaze rising to meet her big blue eyes once she was completely covered again. Before she left, they held each other for a moment just inside the door and agreed that their two nights together had been even more than they'd expected. Then she stepped out the door with the expectation that she'd never see him again.