 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: if you haven't already read it, "Cumming to America -- Part 1" is the prequel to this story.

^

As Christina sat in the airport, waiting at the gate to board the flight to Los Angeles, she couldn't have been in a better mood...or so she thought. Between an exciting few days in San Francisco, an impending few days at Disneyland and multiple orgasms that she'd managed to have undetected by her family with a man she'd only known online prior to arriving in the U.S., she didn't believe that anything could make her happier. She wasn't even feeling sad any longer that her few nights of sexual bliss with him were over because she was just thrilled that they'd gone so well. She realized that she might be dwelling on him a little too much at that particular moment, though, when she could have sworn he passed right in front of her. She blinked a few times as she followed the progression of this doppelganger until he sat a short distance off. Her cell phone brought her back to herself as the tone announcing a new text message sounded. She couldn't believe it was just a coincidence that it was from him.

"Surprise!" it read and she glanced back over to the man who had passed her. He looked up at that moment and looked around, letting her know for certain that it was him, but never making eye contact with her.

"WTF?" she texted back.

"Are you a member of the mile high club?" he asked.

"No." she replied, starting to feel damp between her legs.

"Would you like to be?" he asked. She didn't have any idea how they could pull that off with her family on the flight. Sneaking off for some sex in a hotel was one thing but secret sex on a commercial airline flight? Still, she had no desire to turn him down and when he outlined the plan in a long text, she was certainly willing to give it a shot. She didn't know how he knew where she was sitting in relation to him but was confident that she'd get his signal when it was time to follow him to the rear lavatory of the aircraft. She was glad that she'd worn an uncomplicated pair of track pants as she considered trying to give him access to her pussy in the tight confines of the lavatory. Just as she was thinking that she was going to have to distract herself before her arousal started to become apparent, it was time to board.

Once everyone was settled on the plane and they were pulling away from the gate, she realized she could see him sitting up ahead of her so she wouldn't possibly miss him when he passed. A bit later, after they'd been in the air for a while and the flight attendants were distracted with the task of serving drinks, she saw him leave his row and she watched as he passed by without ever acknowledging her. She waited as he had suggested then excused herself and headed down the aisle. Fortunately, there was no one else near the lavatory door, so she tapped on it lightly and it opened inward slightly. As she quickly squeezed in, she noticed that his pants were at his ankles and his cock was already stiff, standing up from his lap.

She had her back to him as she latched the door and he was already working her pants and thong panties down. Before they'd even hit her ankles, she was lowering herself onto his lap, reaching between her thighs for his cock and guiding it to her pussy. They both moaned softly as it slipped into her and she started to ride it. While his hands crept up under her shirt to caress her tits, she started to stroke her clit because she knew they were pushing it just by being in there together. Between her fingers on her clit and his fingers on her hard nipples, she wasn't the least bit concerned about cumming and actually thought it might be the fastest orgasm she'd ever had. Credit, of course, went to being super-excited, not to necessity.

Feeling his cock inside her after she never thought she would again brought on a level of arousal like she'd never experienced. She had to bite back a cry of pleasure as she abruptly started to cum, her entire body shaking violently. She knew that her pussy was being flooded with additional juices as she came, so it didn't surprise her when she felt his cock spasm as he gasped. She finished cumming slightly before he did but made sure he was finished before standing.

"Did you think I could give you up that easily?" he whispered as he helped her get her pants and panties back up.

"Are there any other surprises I should know about?" she asked.

"Yes," he replied just before she slipped out the door, "I've got a room at the Grand Californian Hotel. I'll text you when I've got my room number."

Her head was spinning as she slipped out and it didn't even occur to her that she was full of his cum until much later. She returned to her seat and watched a moment later as he returned to his, smiling as she thought about the possibility of fucking him a few more times before she headed back to Brisbane. She tried to keep track of him right up until she had her luggage and was heading for their hired towncar then could do nothing but wait until she heard from him. She planted the idea with her family of spending the next morning at the Disney parks, then coming back to their suite at the Grand Californian Hotel for a little while in the afternoon to rest and relax before staying out late that night at the parks. She figured she'd be able to meet him at the hot tub because she knew her husband would be checking his email and the kids would want to stay in the air conditioning.

The next afternoon, he was already soaking in the hot tub when she arrived. She'd been correct that her family hadn't been interested in joining her. Once she'd joined him, she became aware of all of the windows that looked over the hot tub so she was a little disappointed that she wouldn't get to fool around with him right there and she wasn't even very comfortable with the idea of flashing him. They talked over their plans for the next few days before deciding to go to his room and get naked. Although she wasn't expecting any of her family to leave their suite, she still did not walk with him but met him there.

"We need to get you out of that wet swimsuit," he said, leading her into his bathroom. She rubbed his cock, which was hard enough to tent out his swim trunks, as he slid her shoulder straps down and freed her tits from the snug material that confined them. Her nipples were incredibly hard and he couldn't resist caressing them then lowering his head to lick them as he continued to work her swimsuit over her curvy hips and down her legs. She ran her fingers through his hair as he continued to lick and suck her nipples while caressing her bare ass. When he brought a hand around to her pussy and discovered how wet she was, he straightened up and turned her around before dropping his trunks.

He had her rest her head on the counter as he guided his tool into her pussy once again, holding her by the hips and pulling back until his hips were touching her ass. She reached down between her legs to stroke her clit as he started to fuck her while he brought his hands up to cup her swinging tits. She glanced into the mirror and saw the he was looking down at her ass as his hips were bouncing against it, making it jiggle slightly. She pushed back against his incoming thrusts, moaning as his cock filled her over and over. Between the excitement of being able to see him again and the anticipation of fucking, she knew it wouldn't take very long before she was cumming and she was enjoying the building pleasure.

He continued to fuck her when she started to cum, her body trembling as a low moan slipped out of her mouth. When she let out a sigh indicating that she'd finished cumming, he released her tits and stepped back, his cock slipping out of her. She straightened up and turned to face him, stroking his cock as they started to make out. He lifted her onto the counter and she guided his tool back into her then leaned back against the mirror as he started fucking her hard and fast. He hooked her legs over his arms and held onto the tops of her thighs, pulling her against his thrusting with his hips smacking against the backs of her legs.

"Remember not to cum inside me," she reminded him, "I was lucky that I didn't leave a stain on that airplane seat."

He fucked her a little longer but didn't immediately slip his cock into her mouth when he finally pulled out of her pussy. Instead, he took her hand and led her from the bathroom and had her lie on the bed. He straddled her head and lowered his own so that he could lick her juicy pussy. She had taken his cock in her hand and was stroking it when she felt his tongue on her pussy and had to moan. She wrapped her lips around his tool and started sucking it, relishing the feel of his throbbing meat between her lips. He moaned then began to lick and suck her clit while slipping a couple of fingers into her. She was already feeling that another orgasm was forthcoming but, from the way his cock was swelling more, she thought he might pump a load down her throat first. She focused her efforts on getting him there, pumping the base of his cock while sliding her plump lips up and down his shaft. When he raised his head from her pussy, she suspected that he was savoring the pleasure that he was feeling so she had no problem with it and he was continuing to finger her anyway.

With a loud moan, he started to shoot his load into her mouth and she swallowed it down as she continued to suck him off. He didn't lower his head until he was completely spent, but then went back to licking and sucking her clit while fingering her as she let her head drop back onto the comforter. Now that she was completely focused on the pleasure he was providing, her orgasm was rapidly building once again. His cock, though softening, still loomed over her and staring at it aroused her even more. His talented tongue and fingers continued to push her closer and closer until she exploded with a cry of pleasure. He didn't let up in his stimulation until she let out a long sigh then he raised his head and climbed off of the bed.

He helped her up, knowing she would have to get going soon but, as she was slipping back into her swimsuit, they were discussing how many more opportunities they'd have to make each other cum before she headed back to Australia. Ultimately, their desire for each other was strong enough that they exploited every possible opportunity and, when she was on the flight back home, she felt more than satisfied, not only sexually, but also with the success of their undertaking.