 Reuben Roth still had trouble believing his wife's reaction to his announcement that he wanted a divorce. She wanted to KEEP FUCKING him, at least once a month! Well, she would probably stop as soon as she started dating another man. Most men would probably balk at the knowledge that her ex was getting it, but they were not. He wondered if she would really be chaste otherwise, prior to marriage. 

He strongly doubted that. The very fact that she was suggesting this arrangement indicated a difficulty with depriving herself of sex, now that she had gotten it a lot of it on a frequent basis(strangely enough, theirs was one marriage whose other issues had never led to a lag in sex or any infidelity- Reuben had not once broken his marriage vows, and he seriously doubted that Jan had, either). She wasn't a virgin anymore, after all. There was no cherry to "save" for anyone else. They were both in their 40s and had kids, so any new mates would have to accept their so-called baggage. 

Most likely, Jan would put out once she was in a relationship, if not somewhat earlier. She would also almost certainly terminate her deal with Reuben, since she was (or had been, at least) the monogamous sort of woman. Despite her love of sex, she was the farthest thing from a slut or even a swinger. Hell, she still only did it in the missionary position (though at least she was no longer insisting that the lights go off or they stay clothed). 

What Reuben didn't know was that Jan had absolutely no interest in dating again. She had plenty of patience and a serious plan to regain her husband's love. As far as she was concerned, once a month was the bare MINIMUM, and she intended to get a lot more than that over time. Nor did she intend to start using protection. If Reuben knocked her up again, that would be splendid from her perspective. She knew that he would probably use condoms with any other sex partners, but she wasn't worried anyway. If things went according to her plan, Reuben and she would be renewing their vows, whether before or after any temporary divorce. 

Whatever the case, Jan would NEVER give up making love to Reuben! Whether they got back together or not, she would always get him in the sack. She was confident of that much in her soul. Oh, no, sir, he was not getting released from this agreement! That was a prerequisite to an amicable divorce, as far as she was concerned. She was not a dominant or assertive person, but she was stubborn by nature. She would not yield or back down as far as her terms for divorce were concerned. She would fight, tooth and nail, for her wifely rights, whether married to him or not. In her mind, a husband and wife had a right to sex with his or her spouse, and that was one part of her marriage that she refused to give up. 

When Reuben got home the night after he announced his intention to leave her, he found Jan in a rather shocking new look: she was totally naked. She never walked around the house completely nude! That was not an "appropriate" thing for a Christian lady to do, in her view. Yet, there his soon-to-be ex-wife sat, wearing only her lovely red hair. 

"What are you doing like THAT, Jan?" he demanded to know, overwhelmed by curiosity. 

"Collecting my first payment, dear. I already talked with a lawyer, who has agreed to draw up a settlement, but I told him that I would only sign on one condition: the same one that you agreed to last night. He blushed a little, strangely enough, and said that I couldn't hold you to that in court, but he would remind you of it when you signed it. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to enjoy your body," she explained flirtatiously. 

"Very well, but I would like to do it a little differently this time. After all, this is a fling now. You have loosened up enough to be nude around the house and sleep with a man who will soon not be your husband anymore. Surely, you can try a new position, at least once," Reuben urged his wife. 

"Very well. I have researched a couple of different positions. Which would you like to try? Doggie? Cowgirl?" Jan probed.

"Doggie, for starters. I don't mind doing much of the work. I would like to get a good glimpse of your ass, too, while I am fucking you," he answered. 

"Hmmm....profanity....strangely enough, that actually turns me on! Fuck me, honey! And keep cussing!" she reacted.

"Fuck you? Wow, you ARE loosening up a bit! Maybe I should swat you, too, for being such a naughty girl," he taunted her.

"Why not? I AM being naughty, cussing and doing it in such a wild position, just like a bitch! Swat my ass and fuck me like a slut!" she now smelled and looked very aroused. Evidently, his estranged wife had just realized that she found this kind of talk exciting.

Why the fuck didn't you open up to this BEFORE I decided to leave you? I would be much less likely to divorce you, if you were more open-minded! I guess that you like the idea of being a naughty girl, huh? Maybe you will go all the way and take it up the ass. 

Reuben took off every bit of his clothes in just a couple of minutes, after which he grabbed Jan and pulled her down to her knees. She was stunned by his actions, but she didn't fight him. Instead, she made it apparent, by her behavior, that she was going to yield to whatever kind of sex he wanted with her. When he shoved his cock into her mouth, she was a bit hesitant, but she quickly decided to do as he wished and suck his dick. 

Naturally, her initial reaction was to nearly gag from having such a large and unfamiliar object shoved into her mouth. However, she continued to accept it, and each thrust of his cock was easier to take than the one before it. She reminded herself that this was worth it, in order to get her man back. So, he liked it a little rougher! She could meet him halfway. The main issues were that he would have sex with her and would have one less reason to divorce her for good.

By the time that she was used to giving him a blowjob, he was already about to cum. He made no attempt to warn her. From his perspective, if she wanted him to fuck her as a condition of divorce, so be it, but he was going to take control of the sex for a change. It would be his way of regaining power in this situation, to take what he wanted, not just what she eagerly gave to him. He would not make it easy on her. They would not return to their old, vanilla, conventional life, the one with which he was dissatisfied. 

What really stunned him was just how willing she was to cooperate with his desires. She was even showing some enthusiasm for his ideas for once. When he sat her back down on her chair and started eating her cunt, she didn't close her legs as she had in the past to prevent him. She actually spread them further apart, welcoming his mouth and tongue to pleasure her. It was as if she had abruptly decided to simply accept and submit to his lust. 

Reuben's mouth sucked on Jan's clit repeatedly, causing his wife to soak her pussy with juices after several times. She began gripping the chair, in order to avoid falling out of it onto her ass. Her large, but still gorgeous legs and thighs were now on his shoulders and leaning over his back, as he teased her and stimulated her to a major climax. It was the first that she ever had without a cock inside her (Jan was a rare woman who actually experienced vaginal orgasms). 

"Oh, fuck me! Thank you, Reuben, honey! Ohhhhhh!" she groaned as she came on his face, gushing with even more juices. He didn't mind the taste or smell, and neither did she so much when he kissed her mouth immediately afterward. It was not so much affection, this time, as it was habit and sexual passion which prompted that kiss, but it was a very powerful one nonetheless. 

She was so drenched that she didn't require much lube (thankfully, she had thought enough ahead to have some near the chair, just in case). What little he required, Mr. Roth applied to his cock and Mrs. Roth's slippery cunt. 

He then turned his BBW wife over, entering her in a way that he had never done in their entire marriage. His forceful penetration of her womanhood also surprised her with its resulting arousal. She really enjoyed this fucking far more than she had ever expected. 

As she felt his hands grab and swat her large ass-cheeks, she was completely enthralled by the latent, dominant side of this man who had been her mate for the past 23 years. Evidently, there was much potential sexual prowess inside her husband that she had helped cause them to waste. Despite her delight in the rough sex, this thought, the idea that she had harmed their marriage in such a way, was rather saddening to her. 

Reuben now fulfilled another of his unsatisfied fantasies, to see his gorgeous wife's butt as he rammed her. He had wanted to do it "doggie-style" in the past, only to be rebuffed on the basis of Jan's Victorian ideas about sex. At this moment, however, he really felt bad that it seemed that she was actually trying for once, now that it was already too late. It felt awful to dash her dreams of reconciliation, but the truth was that it was too little, too late. 

He thoroughly enjoyed slamming his cock into her cunt, however, along with calling her all kinds of "nasty" names that really did seem to excite her. This, and swatting her cute butt, were things that he had always longed to do, but she had denied him the chance repeatedly, throughout their marriage. That was, truly, a major reason why he had wanted a divorce. Her extra weight had nothing to do with it. In fact, he found it a turn-on, even now, that she was truly a BBW, in every sense of the phrase: a BIG, BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. 

Reuben was not the sort of guy who left a woman simply to get a "trophy wife". He wanted an actual relationship with a woman. However, that kind of relationship had to be compatible, in terms of sex as well as other issues. Theirs was truly a case of "irreconcilable differences". He like sex to be wilder and kinkier than she did, or so he thought. 

Now, of course, she was opening up, when so much frustration had already damaged and helped to destroy their marriage. Between that and the constant attempts to convert him, plus the whole "Super Mom" thing that kept him worried about her health, his marriage was still basically doomed. A lot more would need to change for that to be reversed. 

In any case, he didn't focus too much on that, because his constant thrusts in and out of her pussy were sending him deeper than he had been inside her in his life. Evidently, the "doggie-style" position actually did what some people claimed about it: it allowed a man and woman to feel more contact than the other positions often permitted. The additional excitement of fucking her over a chair, calling her names, and swatting her bottom were enough to get both for them ready for another release. 

"Damn, I'm going to cum again!" he grunted, as she moaned her own warning of an orgasm. 

Reuben shot an even larger load into his wife's pussy than he had sent down her throat earlier. Jan, meanwhile, expressed herself rather clearly with a climax so loud that it seemed animalistic, especially compared to most. Given the position that they chose, it was quite fitting. 

Odd, that a relationship that started with her using sex as a way to get me to the altar is ending with me using sex as a way to secure a divorce, Mr. Roth thought. How the power shifts indeed, he laughed ironically, though not out loud. 

"Well, babe, I have to start packing. What day do you want to do the next session? I can clear out Friday, the 13th, if that doesn't bother you. Bear in mind that I will want anal next time," he announced, as he started to get dressed again. 

"You can have it sooner, if you delay your packing long enough for a third act. I'm kind of curious as to what the fuss is about, anyway. Deal? Tell you what, any time that you fuck me beyond what we have agreed to, I will surrender my ass to your cock. How does that sound? My ass for a bonus?" she offered him, in an unusually risqué and suggestive tone. 

"Deal," Reuben agreed, dropping his pants before he could even zip them up.