 It was a little warmer than comfortable and the air was thick with the smell of too many people in a small confined space. He could hardly move in any direction. With each turn the train made the mass of people swayed back and forth as if one body. His nose itched but he could hardly lift his arms to his face to scratch it. He feared that even if he managed to lift his arms he would not find space to bring them back down to. Not many people spoke but when they did it was a language he was only beginning to learn. There was no place in the world like Japan.

Gabriel love to travel.

He looked out above the heads of his fellow commuters. At 6ft1 he was nearly a foot taller than the average Japanese person. And he wasn't just taller than the average person but also more muscular. Gabriel did not work out to gain muscle. He was nearing his mid twenties so he figured it was a good time to get into the habit of keeping in shape. His arms were not small nor big. But they were rock hard to the touch. The women he was romantic with were often surprised to see that under his clothes he had a chiseled torso. A six pack and pecks. A curl of his dirty blonde hair fell onto his forehead and he was reminded of his itchy nose. He sighed and looked at the faces around him in an attempt to distract himself.

The commuters were mostly stoic and grim faced. It was common in Japan for days to be long, hard, and monotonous. Gabriel wore his ever present half smile; he was on his way back to the hostel after having spent several hours working out at the gym. 

It was his fourth time visiting Japan. The first time since he finally got a passable grasp of the Japanese language. The first few times he visited it was to see a girl who he had become pen pals with. After months and months of writing to each other they started to fall for each other. Those were happy days, Gabriel reminisced. But in the end it didn't work out. Though he might have lost his love for her he definitely found it for the culture. There was so much to do and see. It was like exploring a whole new world.

He looked up as the train slowed to a stop in front of him and the doors slid open. Shit! He cursed to himself as a flood of people rushed onto the train and within a blink of an eye took up nearly every inch of available space. He rushed forward towards a space he didn't really believe he'd fit into. A small figure darted in front of him and took the spot. Gabriel's face fell. He'll have to wait for the next train. "Gabriel!" He heard as he was turning around to step away from the doors. 

He looked towards the voice and saw that it was the figure that grabbed the spot. It was Claudia from the gym. Before he had time to say anything she reached out and grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the seemingly solid wall of people in the door of the train.

There was no way he would fit. His face showed his resignation but when he looked down at Claudia he saw just the opposite. She pulled him towards her and scooted backed inch by inch until he was halfway into the train. Then he felt strong hands pushing him from behind.

It was the train pushing people. Yes, there were people hired for the sole purpose of shoving more people into impossibly full train cars. He became red from embarrassment at the thought that he had laughed nearly every time he saw someone being pushed in like cattle and now it was him being shoved in. 

After a moment the doors slowly slid closed as the pushers tucked in all the loose body parts and clothing into the train. 'Swish' the doors closed completely. Gabriel started laughing. Half at the situation and the other half in relief. He looked down at a grinning Claudia. 

"Thanks, there was no way I would have even tried to make it if not for you." 

"The next train isn't for nearly half an hour. And there was so much space, see?" She said with mock sarcasm.

They laughed again. Gabriel had seen Claudia at the gym but never really paid her any attention. Sure, she was pretty and fit but in his experience those were the girls that every bloke in the gym hassled. He had specifically seen it happen to Claudia before numerous times. Each time she brushed them off with a frown on her face. Gabriel got the feeling that she was there to work out and didn't appreciate their advances. So he simply kept to himself and his workout.

"How do you like Japan?" She asked him. 

Gabriel raised an eyebrow. "How do you know I don't live here?" "Well for starters you only joined the gym last week. And you're always looking all around you. Which means either you're always lost and confused or you're constantly seeing things for the first time." She winked at him.

Gabriel paused for a moment. He didn't think this girl even knew he existed. Sure, he noticed her but not once did he see her look at him. She must be an observant person he mused.

"You're right," Gabriel began, "This is my third time here actually. But there is just so much to see. Everywhere I look I see something new or different than what I'm used to. I'm absolutely in love with Japan. " 

Claudia's emerald green eyes stared off in the distance, as if in a memory. Gabriel watched her face. Up close she was even more attractive. She was easily a head shorter than him. Her dark brown hair fell past her slender shoulders. While she was definitely petite she was also very fit. Obviously she cared about her health. At least as much as he did. She had very nice sized breasts, not too large for her small frame but bigger than most her size. 

Suddenly he became acutely aware of their his proximity to her. He could feel her soft mounds pressing against his abs. He tore his gaze away from her chest and noticed her mouth was parted slightly. Her lips were tantalizing. They looked exactly the kind of lips he would like to kiss. He didn't realize he was staring until he snapped out of it and saw her brilliantly green eyes watching him curiously.

Too late did he realized that he was starting to get an erection from thinking about how her ridiculously hot body was pressed so tightly against his. He looked around the car to distract himself but just then the train swayed and pushed Claudia even tighter against him for a moment. He could feel her breasts slide up and down his chest. He felt her hard nipples even through the fabric of their clothes. She wasn't wearing a bra.

But he consciously buried that thought as soon as it appeared. He hoped that she didn't feel his erection when she bumped into him. Though if she did she would probably think it was his phone. Or so he hoped. He glanced down at her face to see her reaction. The train bumped again and her hands flew up to his hips for support. She looked up at him apologetically. 

Thank goodness, he thought. She must not have noticed. The train swayed and Claudia pulled herself closer to Gabriel. Her hands still on his hips. Reflexively he wrapped his arms around her protectively. Keeping her in the safety of his arms against the bodies around them. 

Her hands slid past his hips and wrapped around him. It almost felt too normal. As if they held each other every day. The way their bodies fit against each other. Then her scent hit him. Hard. It was not the foul body odor that one gets when they are nervous or working out. But rather the usually subtle natural scent of a person. He breathed her in and sighed. She smelled heavenly. They rode the next while in silence. Both seemingly lost in their own thoughts. Arms still wrapped around each other, in the pretense of it being for support. 

Finally they reached the first stop. Enough people got off the train that there was finally room to move around. Gabriel wished they were still forced against each other. He unwrapped his arms from around her and she quickly stepped back away from him. She was frowning. Gabriel's heart sank. What if she had felt his erection? What if she thought that he was taking advantage of the situation to hold her? The next stop came quickly and without making eye contact she said a quick goodbye and stepped off the train. 

He watched her hurry off the train and the door close shut. He was surprised at how suddenly alone he felt. He felt a longing desire to be with somebody who loved him. To love and to be loved. It is a magical thing. And even though it was not real, he got a taste of that. 

Over the next few days Gabriel would find himself thinking about Claudia. A bit too often for his liking. The moment she smiled at him on the train she became a completely different person than the girl he noticed at the gym. Sure, he had noticed that she was attractive but having spoken to her even just the little bit, he now thought she was more than just attractive, she was beautiful. He sighed and waited eagerly for the next time he would go to the gym. His gym days were Mondays, Wednesday, and Saturdays. The train incident was Wednesday. Three days. He could hardly contain his excitement at the thought. 

Though it wouldn't last. 

PT 2

It was a beautiful Saturday; the sun was out, there was a cool breeze to help stave off the heat, and the sky was as blue and clear as he had ever seen it. Gabriel was making his way to the gym. His grin was even wider than normal. And he felt that his senses were especially sharp that day. 

As he was going through the park that was a shortcut to the gym he saw that the trees were a deeper green than he had previously noticed. The leaves not a single tone but were nearly infinite in their hues of green. The grass bright and beautiful. Everything was so vivid! How could he have not noticed before how beautiful the color green was?

Once he arrived at the gym he swiped his pass and stepped through the doors. He was whistling quietly and every person he said hello to couldn't help but smile back. Happiness was flowing out of his every pore and it was contagious. 

But that happiness dissipated rather suddenly. He wasn't ignorant of himself so he knew right away that it was because Claudia was not there. Which was a first. He had seen her every Saturday since he moved to Japan several months ago. 

With his shoulders slumped he went through his workout. Apparently it was so obvious that his heart was not in it that one of the other gym goers walked over to him. It was Jessy; one of the personal trainers. 

"Hey, are you feeling OK?" She asked him as she took an exercise ball from a bin and sat on it. She brought out two hair bands and tied her short dark hair into two small and adorable pony tails. 

Gabriel smiled unconvincingly and said, "Yea, I am. It's just..." He trailed off not knowing what to say.

"Well then let's work out together. Somehow you seem lonely." Her face became red and she quickly continued, "Not in a bad way or anything."

Gabriel laughed and instantly felt a little more cheerful. "Thank you, I'd actually love company." 

Relief showed on Jessy's face. "Great! Today is my day off and you'd think I'd want to work out alone but I really don't. Maybe I'm just used to doing it with somebody else."

The excercise ball was near her mid back and she leaned back to stretch as she said this. Her body unwound into a single line of flesh and muscle. Her shirt pressed tightly against her chest. She did not have much in that area but there was something about seeing her lay back and stretch herself out so vulnerably like that. 

An image of her in that position on a bed flashed in his head. Gabriel supressed it.

Her head tilted back towards the floor, opening her neck. His eyes followed the curve of her neck down to her chest. And then lower to the tight lululemon pants she wore. As if on cue she slowly opened her legs, widening her stance. Gabriel knew that it was for better balance while she leaned back but he wondered if Jessy knew the view she was giving him. 

Being a physical trainer Jessy didn't have an ounce of fat. She had only sinewy muscle beneath her tight fitting clothing. He watched her thighs flex as she switched her weight from one foot to the other to remain balanced. 

Gabriel could hardly restrain himself from reaching his hand forward and tracing her thigh muscle that lead from her knee to her crotch. She slowly came back up and Gabriel quickly positioned a hand in front of his own crotch as subtly as possible to hide his semi erection. 

She sat up and closed her legs tightly.

"Mmm," She moaned, "That felt great." 

"It looked good," Gabriel said. He was reaching down to grab a weight near his feet when he realized what he had just said. He looked over at her quickly but she didn't seem to have noticed.

Gabriel sighed in relief. He ought to be more careful about the things that come out of his mouth. 

After another hour or so of working out together Jessy leaned against the wall and let out a groan. "You don't get tired easily, do you?" She asked him. 

He had been somewhere else mentally so he hardly noticed his exhaustion. 

"Now that you mention it, I am a little," He admitted. 

"Great!" She said enthusiastically, "Let's go to the sauna for a night cap!" 

Gabriels eye brows shot up. Perhaps Jessy didn't realize what a night cap meant to people from the US. Though she seemed to be perfectly fluent in both Japanese and English.

"Sure.." He said with a small grin not explaining to her the meaning of the phrase.

Normally saunas were not co-ed. Japan was famous for having clean and fabulous bath houses. But this particular gym was made with some modernity. To save space they created a single larger communal sauna rather than two small ones in each of the changing rooms. 

He waited outside the door to the sauna for a few minutes until he realized that perhaps Jessy had already entered and was waiting for him. Gabriel opened the door and stepped into the dimly lit steam room. He had to walk down the entire room to see if Jessy was there. He could hardly see more than a few feet in front of his face. 

A silhouette began to materialize as he reached the far end of the room. 

"You sure took your time," He heard Jessy say.

"I was waiting outside for you for a moment before realizing that you might have already come in." He replied as he settled down next to her. They sat on the lower tier of the room. 

He was now close enough to see her features, albeit as if through a light fog. Her head was resting back on the upper tier using a towel as a pillow. Again her neck was being exposed to him; begging to be bitten. He resisted the urge and leaned his head back and closed his eyes as well. He decided that it might get awkward if he kept staring at her so often. It would not be easy to hide an erection under such a small towel that was wrapped around his waist. 

It was not long before he discovered that closing his eyes didn't help. He could not help but think about the fact that Jessy too was wearing nothing beneath her towel. And while her towel was much larger than his own it still reached only a little above her breasts and halfway down her thighs. The towels were purposely small because otherwise they would get heavy and uncomfortable once wet. Great.

"You have nice muscles," Jessy said suddenly. 

Gabriel lifted his head. She was looking him over approvingly. 

"You always wear long and loose clothes so I never knew for certain until now." She continued.

Not knowing what to say he looked her over as well. His eyes stopped at her thighs which were crossed. 

"I don't know if i've ever met somebody with such nice thighs." 

"You noticed!" She squealed in delight. "Nobody ever notices! It's a subtle muscle, not nearly as obvious as arms and i've been working on them specifically the last few months." She uncrossed her legs as she spoke. She lifted one leg up and flexed her thigh while laughing. 

Gabriel reached over as a reflex and felt her muscle. She stopped laughing a little too quickly. 

"Sorry," he said quickly as he brought his hand back realizing he might have overstepped. 

"No it's fine!" She said and grabbed his and placed it back on her thigh. "Can you feel it?" She asked as she flexed. 

Gabriel nodded.

"It's called the adductor muscle," Jessy explained. "It reaches from here," she brought his hand to her knee, "all the way to here." She pressed his hand against the muscle and brought it up her thigh until his pinky was just beneath the bottom of her towel and stopped.

Neither of them moved for a moment. 

Then Jessy got up suddenly. "I'm going to take a cold shower really quickly and be right back. The heat is getting to me." Her face was indeed red and she was breathing a little hard. She had been there for longer than he had. 

He watched as her silhouette dissapeared into the steam and felt a light cool breeze as the door opened and closed. He was thankful that she left when she did because his erection was almost painful to hold down. The sauna did not get used often and he was thankful then more than ever. He had not seen anybody else in the sauna so he was alone until Jessy came back. Without wasting a moment he untied his towel and let it fall to the side. His erection stood ramrod straight. He closed his hand around it and moaned softly at the pleasure. He would 'relieve' himself before Jessy came back and hopefully that would help curb his urge. 

He imagined Jessys toned body next to him just as she had been. Clad in an even smaller towel that caused his imagination to run wild. He imagined that she lifted one foot onto the platform he sat on and her towel would open, showing him what was underneath. She would take his hand and just like before guide it up her thigh. Though in his fantasy his hand didn't stop at the border of her towel.

Suddenly Gabriel heard a gasp.

His eyes burst open and he jumped to his feet at the same time as he covered himself with his towel. It was Jessy. It had been less than a minute since she left the sauna. And he didn't feel a wave of cold air that comes with the door opening again. 

"I.. It's.." Gabriel stammered. 

"I was nearly out the door before making the decision to come back," Jessica began, "And it's a good thing I did."

Gabriel could only stare in disbelief as Jessica took a step towards him. His mind in too much shock to register what she said.

"Jessica.." Gabriel's mind was blank. He took a step back and as he did so his foot hit the lower seat and he fell back onto it. His hands still held the towel over his extremities and he could only sit there in bafflement as Jessica took another step towards him.

"God, your cock is beautiful. Your entire body is amazing." She lowered herself right in front of him and still staring at his towel asked, "Let me see your cock again," She nearly begged, "Please."

Her hands reached forward and grabbed his towel. Slowly he let it slide away. His cock had become slightly less erect at the shock and horror of being seen masturbating but as Jessica watched it grew harder and longer right in front of her face. 

"So you do like what you see," Jessica grinned.

The next moment Jessica's hands were on his cock. 

His cock was wet from the moisture in the sauna and so Jessica stroked it easily. She watched as it grew larger and larger in her hands. She was mesmerized by his beautiful member.

Gabriel thrust his hips in time with her stroking. He didn't realize how close Jessica was to his cock so the tip of it brushed against her lips. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to.." He didn't get to finish. Anything he was about to say disappeared as he felt Jessica slowly close her lips around the head of his erection.

He could only moan as she slowly teased the head of his cock with her tongue. Licking the precut off his cock. It was slightly salty from his cum mixed with his sweat. She loved it. Soon she was sucking his cock and taking it as deep into her mouth as she could. 
