 What a night I have planned. I've been waiting for you. You look fabulous in your conservative business suit and silk blouse. Only I would know that you have absolutely nothing on under it. That thought makes me smile. You are tall, 5'10", just the way I like it and your skin is the color of dark caramel. Even after all this time I still love how our bodies fit together when we embrace. The suit does little to disguise your outrageous body. You have large, full, breasts, long shapely legs, a slender waist and that traffic stopping, round, firm ass. I look deep into your warm brown eyes and can't wait to taste and kiss your perfectly painted lips. We kiss deeply, first with my tongue in your mouth then yours in mine. I can't wait any longer and begin to undress you, kissing and gently biting each bit of skin that is revealed. I wonder how your co-workers would feel if they knew about the pierced navel and the beautiful tattoo on your inner thigh. I have to laugh because only I know the freak within and the thought always arouses me.

Your bath is ready. Fragrant candles ring the tub because I know you like that. Two glasses of champagne wait for us. The warm water caresses your skin as you begin to unwind from the day. I bathe your beautiful body with teasing, soapy, caresses and bring intoxicating wine to your waiting mouth from mine. Your delicious breasts respond with excited nipples under my pleasing touch. I love how hard they get when you are excited. Now I join you in the warm water. Things are good like this. Time passes but we don’t have a care at all. We can’t stay in the tub forever though and I gently lift and place you on the bed after the water no longer can match our own heat. I dry your entire body as an animal would, with my mouth. 

Your heat can no longer be ignored. I taste warm sweet cream from your lovely wet

pussy, causing a gasp to escape your lips and your quivering thighs to spread wide in invitation. Teasing, tempting, licking, nibbling, as I bring my willing dick to your beautiful face. I love the way your mouth feels! You like to suck me in deep and in and then out, licking all over. It always drives me crazy when your tongue darts out to like my balls. Sometimes I have to stop you as I do now or I will cum all down your throat. You start to moan as my tongue slides deep within the folds of your beautiful, shaved slit. You love it when I use my teeth to play with your gold clit ring. It's our little secret. I like to gently pull it and send shivers all through your body.

You begin to turn, bringing one leg over my head so you can control my every move between your thighs now, rolling me onto my back as you come to your knees and ride my open mouth. I can feel you shudder as I explore your firm ass and stiff nipples with my hands rolling wave upon wave as you begin to scream my name. I love it when you cum in my mouth like this, trying to drown me with your juices. You taste so good! I have to share a little with you on my tongue and lips as we kiss. 

I change positions now and slowly enter your tight pussy from behind. You moan deeply as I penetrate you, dripping with sweet nectar. A nice rhythm in response to each other is building, speeding and slowing as each gives and receives. I feel a shudder as you cum again the first of many with me deep inside. You now feel the width of my shaft fully and collapse to your heaving chest as a new moisture runs down our bodies causing that splashing sound as my balls slap against you. I feel you cum again as your hand joins mine, stroking your now bulging clit. I carefully change positions without your even knowing. I bring one leg gently over your back never allowing my swollen dick to leave your hot pussy. 

Now I am free to fully explore and stroke you deep, looking for the G spot. Perhaps this spot has needed awakening because you cum again and again. I sense you nearing exhaustion but your body responds with hands desperately groping toward me scratching, clawing, pulling. The bed is sounding out under the intensity of our passion. Your back arches in feline-grace and you begin to purr. I feel your transformation turning to see the pleasure on your smiling face. You are moving violently causing your moans to stutter in time with your spasms of ecstasy. 

Now the passion is feeling so much stronger and I'm not sure if I can control it as my own body begins to tense. We cum this time in unison, me shooting hot cum deep inside your throbbing pussy, and time simply stops. I bring my body to yours side by side still throbbing inside you. As we both try to catch our breath we embrace and kiss for a time until it all starts again...