 I had known Chrissy for a few months when it all started. We were living in the same college dormitory building, on the same floor, and we saw each other quite a bit. She would come into my room often, and we would and flirt. Unfortunately, my rather loud, boorish roommate was always around, so it never developed into anything more. I had a feeling she was teasing me with more interesting possibilities, though, and I waited patiently for a chance to test my theory. 

Chrissy probably wasn't what would be considered "classically" beautiful, as she was a little on the heavy side (just ever so slightly). Still, she drove me absolutely mad––that beautiful face, that porcelain skin, that long red hair, those massive tits I wanted to suck on for hours, and those full crimson lips I wanted around my throbbing cock. Chrissy would come into our room nearly every night and sit down on the edge of my bed where I was reading. She would chatter on about her classes and her roommates, and all the while I would glance up from my textbooks and smile in agreement. I always wondered if she was sending me signals. Occasionally she would cross and uncross her legs seductively and try in vain to rearrange her bra--as though a little piece of lace and cloth could evenly hold those two huge, incredible breasts as they swayed back and forth. Frequently I had to shift my position on the bed to hide my huge, wet erection; I wondered if she could tell my mind was very much not on my Economics homework. 

One Friday night last month I got my answer. My roommate was gone on a trip to visit his family out of state, and Chrissy came in at her usual time--11 o'clock sharp. I greeted her and asked her if she wanted anything to drink. She answered no, and moved over towards the window. 

I have to say, Chrissy had never looked so hot. She was wearing tight blue jeans and a black t-shirt that was not going to contain the twin giants that were straining to be free. Her long red hair was tied back behind her head (better for a blow-job, I thought), and she was wearing an amazing, fire-truck red shade of lipstick. As I was watching her stare out the window into the darkness, the phone rang and I moved across the room away from her to answer it. Before I could pick up the phone, though, I felt two hands encircle my waist and reach down into my briefs. 

"Leave it, Bob," she whispered into my ear. "I've got much more interesting things planned for us tonight. "

I couldn't believe it; her words were like a dream come true. I turned to face her, and our lips came together in a wet, twisted mash. Our tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths, and I felt her undoing my belt and the zipper to my jeans. We paused in our make-out session, and she looked up into my eyes with a devilish grin on her face that I thought was going to make me cum right then and there. 

"I've been wanting to do this for months," she said breathlessly. "Are you ready?"

I had never been so ready for anything in my life, but I was going to push my luck just ever so slightly. 

"Yes, yes, of couse I am. But first... "

She was momentarily puzzled. 

"Yes?"

"Take off your shirt and bra. I want to suck on those big tits of yours. "

Chrissy's expression of concern melted into a smile, and she pulled her black t-shirt over her head, removing an amazingly sexy black bra. After undoing the back, Chrissy ever-so-slowly pulled the bra over her shoulders and off of her breasts, revealing two large, pink nipples that were begging to be kissed. I bent down my head and took turns licking her nipples, giving each one the love and attention it deserved. As Chrissy began groaning in ecstasy, I knew I was hitting the right spots. I didn't know how long she was going to last. 

"Oooooh... oooooh.... ooooh Bob.... don't... don't stop.... don't... stop.... please.... pleeeaaase.... ple-eeaaase don't stop!"

I felt Chrissy shudder, and her panting became more audible. She fell onto her knees, groaning in pleasure, and then looked up at me with a smile. I smiled back, and noticed with approval that her head was now at the level of my cock. 

"Hmmmm, looks like now I can finish what I started, eh?" Chrissy asked with a giggle as she pulled my jeans down and squeezed my dick through my briefs. I was embarrassed that a wet spot of pre-cum had developed on my underwear, but Chrissy didn't notice or didn't care as she pulled them down and freed my penis. Now it was my turn to groan in pleasure. 

"Are you ready?"

I mumbled some words of consent as Chrissy bent forward and kissed the head of my dick with those rich, full lips. I shuddered, and she reached around with her hands, grabbing my buttocks to keep me steady. I was a virgin in every sense of the word, and I wasn't quite sure if I was ready for the experiences I was now privy to. 

Pulling her lips from my cock, Chrissy moved under me and began gently nibbling on my ball-sack. This was very unexpected on my part, but the mixture of pain and pleasure was absolutely great. I felt her finger moving towards my ass-crack, and I was hit with another shudder of ecstasy. 

Chrissy, apparently an expert in this type of action, smiled at my inexperience and moved her lips back to my penis. With one fluid movement she engulfed my entire dick and began moving up and down the shaft, her painted lips leaving red streaks on my cock. I didn't know what to say. 

"Thank... thank... thank you!" I shouted out between happy gasps for air. Never stopping her busy work, Chrissy looked up and winked at me, then concentrated her eyes back on my dick. This action continued for maybe five minutes (luck thing I'd already jacked off twice that day!), and I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold out. Suddenly, Chrissy released my dick from her mouth and sat back on her heels. I opened my eyes in surprise and disappointment. 

"Oh, please... please don't stop. I was so close! You can't do this to me!"

Chrissy, obviously pleased with the level of control she had over me, smiled and answered in a measured tone. 

"Don't worry, you're going to cum tonight. But I thought you'd like to be a little more adventurous. Would you like," she raised an eye-brow, "to fuck my tits?"

"Yes!" I blurted out without thinking. Another smile crossed Chrissy's face at this announcement, and she moved towards me again. Bunching her huge tits together with her hands, she motioned for me to place my dick in her mouth again. After moistening it for a minute, Chrissy let my cock go and told me to place it beneath her breasts. She then grasped it between her massive bits of meat and began working the shaft up and down between them; each time my penis emerged from her cleavage, Chrissy would kiss the head and nearly bring me to climax. 

"How's that feel?"

"Great!" I responded in all honesty. I knew that I couldn't hold out for long, though, and told her so. 

"Don't worry about it," she replied. "And don't hold it back. When you feel you can't contain your jism any longer, just let it go. I'll take care of everything. "

Just as Chrissy finished her statement, I felt my cum rush up the shaft. I couldn't help myself any longer. 

"Chrissy... I'm... I'm gonna... I'm gonna cum!"

"Yeah, baby, I know it... I know it... just let it go... shower me with it, Bob... shower me with your cum! Come on... come on... work it... let it go... I can see your dick throbbing... it must be painful... let it go... let it go... ooooh!"

That last shout was the result of a long, sticky rope of cum hitting Chrissy right in the cheek. Another shot got her right in the eye, and a third blast landed on her lower lip. Far from angry, Chrissy giggled and engulfed my dick with her mouth once again, sucking my twitching penis until it was dry. 

After swallowing my load, Chrissy fell on her back, pulled down her jeans, and began furiously frigging herself. Desperate to repay the generous gift she had just afforded me, I dropped to the grown, buried my head between her legs, and licked and sucked her clit until I brought her to another earth-shattering orgasm. We lay there afterwards on the ground, me on top of Chrissy, my head on her chest and my lips clasped on her nipple. She stroked my head and asked in a sweet, innocent tone,

"How many more times do you think we can do that before your roommate gets back on Sunday?"