 I'd just returned from an extended overseas trip and was still adjusting to the hot weather, cloudless skies and great looking topless girls basking on white sandy beaches, when I received an invitation to a fancy dress party. I was in a big dilemma, as I had no inspiration for a costume. But then when I searched through my suitcase, I came across the white porcelain mask I'd bought in Canada. The mask was a full face one, coloured entirely white with a prominent lopsided and lecherous grin; it was a haunting likeness of a leering man. I then borrowed a pair of baggy white cricket trousers and went along looking just like an English cricket dandy wearing a mask. At least it was original idea and not wanting to remove the mask, I spent the entire evening sucking drinks through a straw. I spent the evening drinking and flirting with the numerous single women intrigued by my costume. 

I had been there a few hours when I went to the fridge to get another drink. Probably because I had successfully mastered the art of sucking alcohol through a straw, a bottle slipped from my hand and ended up smashed on the floor. I found a broom and dustpan in a large cupboard under the stairs and quickly cleaned up the mess. 

With the broom returned to the far corner, someone walked into the cupboard. Startled, I spun around and found myself staring at a girl dressed seductively in a white almost see-through Roman toga. She looked no more then 20 and was very attractive. I was struck by her healthy tan and the prominent curve of her breasts outlined beautifully against the thin fabric. Her arms were tanned and bare to the shoulder, which complemented her firm waist and slender legs. She shut the cupboard door, effectively trapping me.

"God! That mask turns me on!" she breathed. "Who are you? You don't know what that mask is doing to me?"

She seemed to be driven by an uncontrollable, almost animalistic desire. Her breasts strained against the thin fabric of her costume every time she breathed in, her erect nipples clearly showed. I was stunned and lost for words, to say the least. I'd just spent three years in the winters of Canada and was still getting used to the tans and topless designer bikinis of Oz and suddenly, here was this gorgeous stranger making suggestions to me under a staircase! 

I stammered a few stupid replies, but the sound of my voice seemed to drive her even further over the edge. Her hips began to pump, pushing her pussy towards me in tiny movements, back and forward, back and forward. I couldn't keep my eyes off her as my cock came to life. 

She caught sight of my expanding cock. "Oh fuck me," she begged. "Fuck me here and now! Whoever you are, just fuck me!" 

She sat down on a stack of cartons with her back against the wall, her legs outstretched and parted. She kept looking at me as she gathered her toga up around her waist, all the time urging me on.

"Come on, fuck me. Oh, stick it in. Come on, come on!" she pleaded.

My cock had become rock hard and was making my baggy trousers look like a circus tent. Hesitantly, I took a step closer to her. Her hips were gyrating and her breathing was ragged as she lifted her costume, revealing a sheer black lacy body suit that clipped open at the crotch. Deftly she tore at the clips and revealed a swollen pussy and the barest patch of pure white skin set off by the brownness of her tan and her honey brown hair. Her inner lips glistened and were squeezing out from her pubic hair. I felt another surge in my cock and still couldn't believe my luck. Suddenly as if I were in a dream, I began fumbling with the unfamiliar buttons of my fly. 

This woman was beginning to moan, interspersed with small whimpers as she breathed. Her fingers were buried in her pussy and worked them feverishly as she played with herself. 

''See how wet I am for you... Oh, God! Put it in, put it in! I want to feel you in me!" 

I finally got the last of the buttons undone and my trousers dropped to the floor. My cock stuck straight up out of my jocks, its head peeking over the waistband. I stood there and looked down at her as she unwrapped her toga to expose a magnificent set of breasts barely contained in her body suit. 

She caught sight of my rigid cock and gasped, "oh yes. Come on, ooohhhh yeess!" 

The cupboard was suddenly filled with a heavy musk scent. I dropped my jocks and moved closer to her. My breathing was getting out of control and my knees were shaking. Immediately she reached out, grasped my cock and pulled me to her. She rubbed her clit and swollen lips with the head of my cock, encircled by her thumb and little finger and three middle fingers running up and down the underside of my shaft. She had to bend it down a fair way to get it to her pussy so I dropped to my knees. She was so wet I slid immediately into her cunt. Her lips were so thick that they wrapped tightly around my cock's head and every time my cock slid back and forth, I could hear a wet slurping sound. 

This preliminary lasted for what seemed like an eternity. Then she reached up and exposed her full, rounded tits by pulling the body suit tightly between them. Her nipples were like brown berries and stood erect, ready to be sucked. 

''Oh touch them, touch my tits, " she moaned. 

As I reached out, she arched her back and guided her breasts into my hands. They were warm and firm and I greedily sucked them, occasionally gripping her erect nipples between my teeth. The angle of her hips brought my cock to the entrance of her vagina. I tensed my bum, pushed forward, and once again slid easily into her. I was jolted by the sheer ecstasy. She was so hot and velvety smooth I would have lost it completely had I not been in such a 'different' place. 

She reached behind my neck and began to grind herself onto me. She moved her cunt from side to side, and up and down. My cock was like a steel pole and she was doing her best to stir up her insides with it. I could feel her juices oozing down the base of my cock and over my balls. Every time she bottomed out, her thick lips scudded over the hairs around the base of my cock and I was in heaven. This woman was using my cock for her gratification as she grunted and fucked herself. 

She began kissing my mask, inserting her tongue into the small hole for the mouth. Her tongue only got in about half an inch and I reached for it with my own tongue. She went crazy as I held her tongue between my teeth and she started to orgasm. She opened herself even more as she ground her pubes into mine and swallowed my cock as deep as it would go. 

"Push into me! Come on, push into me," she moaned and grabbed my bum to force me deeper still. 

Her legs were spread wide and her left foot banged against the door of the cupboard. An uncontrollable shaking started in her hips and abdomen. She bucked and shuddered, let out a long low cry and came with a force that nearly knocked me off balance. Her cunt gave one powerful contraction followed by a series of flutters. By this stage, I was losing all inhibitions about where we were as my cock was steaming. 

She clutched her arms and legs around me as she quieted down a little, giving little shudders every now and again. Then again, she started pumping her cunt luxuriously over my rock hard cock and snuggled into me as she purred like a pussy. She moved her cunt right to the tip of my cock and immediately plunged downwards again. She fucked me slowly at first and gradually increased the tempo till I felt the tingling and stirring begin to build deep inside my balls. 

She whispered in my ear, "fill me, whoever you are. Come on, fill me with your cum." 

I was losing control and my cock seemed to expand to another level. I was ramming my cock between her spread-eagled thighs and had to manoeuvre her around, so her foot stopped banging against the door. She didn't seem to notice and never broke her rhythm, continually begging me to fill her. My cock throbbed and I rammed it in deep to explode my cum into her cunt. 

She jerked back powerfully and cried, "oh fuuuucckk!" 

Her legs snapped around me as she ground her cunt into me. She came again, her pussy fluttering and her arms clutching. We stayed like that for a while as I felt our combined juices trickle down my legs. I was exhausted and began to feel a cramp in my legs. We reluctantly moved apart and arranged our clothing. 

I tried to steady my knees when she kissed my mask again and slipped her tongue in. I nipped it and she melted into me again, pressing herself hard against me. I reached under her dress and pulled aside her body suit. I took hold of one of her inner lips and pulled them apart. They were like a big oyster, all oozy and hot. I rubbed my fingers over her stubby clit and instantly she moaned, burying her lips into my neck. 

I heard someone walk into the kitchen and open the fridge door. We stayed quiet and when the coast was clear she slipped out without a warning. I was in shock and it wasn't until I caught the scent of pussy juices on my fingers, that I realised what had happened. I bolted from the cupboard and searched for her all around the house. But she'd disappeared as mysteriously as she had appeared and I didn't know her name. 

About six months later, I ran into her at an inner city pub but she didn't show a glimmer of recognition when I struck up a conversation with her. But at least we had fun getting to know each other 'again'!