 Authors note: While this is a standalone story, please read Cupcake and Brownie Chapter One for background information on Cupcake, Brownie and the Bake Sale. Only nicknames are used for members of the Bake Sale. All persons are over 18. This story is fictitious but based on real events.

*****

His hand landed squarely on her bare ass. "Time to get up, Sleepyhead." It was already one PM.

"What the fuck?" She asked, still in a alcohol and pot induced haze.

"Time to get ready. Or did you forget?"

"Yea, right, the BBQ. What the hell are you doing in my room? How the fuck did you get in my house?" Cupcake was clearly awake now, but only mildly pissed off.

"I'm in your room to wake you up. Duh! And I got in the house through the front door. You should try locking it sometime. You never know what might stumble in." Brownie was always trying to be funny, with limited success.

"Well just get out and I'll be over when I get dressed. Asshole."

"K. See ya in a bit." with that, Brownie left her room and walked out of the casita. It was only 30 feet to his own front door. He had built the casita as a guest house but it very quickly became Cupcake's permanent residence. She was the bar manager at his restaurant and had needed a place to stay after a fall out with her wife that lead to a separation. He let her stay there as long as needed and took a small rent deduction from her pay. That was the formal agreement. The rest of the rent came in the form of services rendered.

Brownie entered his foyer and stopped at the control panel for the house. He pushed the the button for music then hit 80's Rock. Whitesnake's "Here I go Again" came through the speakers. He nodded his approval and headed to the kitchen. His spacious home was an electronic marvel and designed for entertaining. A successful restaurant owner, he preferred throwing parties for friends than cooking for hundreds of paying customers, but it was those customers that had paid for his home in Scottsdale. 

He stepped into his spacious kitchen and changed into another person. The one thing he loved more than sex was cooking and the thing he loved most about cooking was watching others enjoy what he had prepared. If tonight went as planned he would get all three. One fine lady on the guest list had been on his radar for awhile and he was going after her tonight. Cupcake was playing wing man on this one and already had the groundwork in place. Plus, she might get a little action herself with Cookie if all went well.

The main portion of the cooking was already done. He had ribs on the smoker and three fresh BBQ sauces simmering on the range. The timer on the oven went off. He cracked the door open and turned it off. The cheesecake inside would be allowed to cool slowly in the oven. Reaching into the refrigerator he pulled out the ingredients for his slaw. He got a large glass bowl and Norman. Norman was his chef's knife. Brownie was as skilled a blade man as anyone and he and Norman could make short work of any pile of produce.

He had just started chopping when Cupcake walked in. She knew better than step around the island to where Brownie was working. He didn't like people in his way. She got in fridge and grabbed a cold soda. She just sat quietly watching the vegetables turn into a pile of equally sized pieces. "Can you grab the wings for me?" he asked as he scooped the pile into a bowl.

"Sure thing." She said. "How many people are coming over? You're cooking enough for the Tenth Mountain Division."

"I don't have a final count, fifteen or twenty."

"Wow. The whole bake sale and then some?"

"Pretty much everyone is bringing someone, except Caramel. She got stood up last night and is pissed. I'm going to offer her some comfort. Might need your help."

"You mean you are going to try to get in her pants."

"Nope. I won't fit in them. I'm just going to get them off of her."

"Smart ass. If you're not careful she will take you off the market."

"You know I'm not gonna settle down again."

"Whatever. Need anything else."

"Just check the bar. I think everyone's bringing a bottle, standard party rules. Just make a sangria and cut some limes." Brownie could easily afford to stock the bar himself but he requested guests coming to his parties bring a bottle for the bar and a side dish. It was payment for his award winning BBQ and kept it the bar stocked with everyone's favorite beverage.

Brownie finished cutting the wings and checked his smoker. Cupcake came up from the bar and met him outside. "I'm running to get some triple sec and pineapple juice. Anything else?"

"Not that I can think of. I'm gonna grab a shower. See you when you get back."

The guests began to arrive after four, even though the party was scheduled for six. It was well known that a start time for one of Brownies parties was merely a guide for when the food would be done. Anyone could stop in early if they had nothing going on, or wanted a head start on the drinking. You could also buzz by later and fill up on left overs. It didn't matter as long as you showed up and had fun. Most of the early arrivals grabbed a drink from the bar and gathered around the kitchen talking as Brownie finished his work. The secret was that samples were handed out as he finished each part of the meal. 

Most importantly Caramel was there. Why anyone would stand her up was beyond Brownie's comprehension. A stunning women, she was five-six, green eyes and a nice set of tits. Her blonde hair was braided and came to the center of her back. She wore a black v-neck blouse, tight green skirt and wedge sandals. Brownie had never seen her in a skirt and the wedges did magic for her legs and butt. She was drinking Malibu and cream soda, an interesting combination but very good. Brownie had made sure there was cream soda for her based on Cupcake's suggestion.

Even though his house had a fully furnished basement that could pass for a sports bar, everyone seemed content to hang around the kitchen and talk. The only time people were going downstairs was to make a drink or play a little pool. The conversation was pretty much just chatting about jobs and day to day life when Brownie looked at cupcake and noticed her hard nipples. "Cupcake, your nipples are hard. You wearing a bra?" he blurted out.

"Nope. See." and she pulled her shirt up revealing her breasts to everyone's gaze.

Catcalls and whistles filled the room. Even from the women. "Check out Caramel. Her's are hard too." Cupcake added before pulling her shirt back down. There is nothing like a good wing man, even if it's a chick.

"Come on let's see 'em." Cookie said.

"Sure," said Caramel and pulled her blouse up to show a lace bra with hard prominent nipples underneath. Quickly she pulled it back down.

"Oh come on. Give us a real look." implored Brownie. Caramel reached for her blouse again this time pulling the v-neck down and her bra with it. Her breasts appeared firm and full. The nipples road high and were surrounded by large brown areoles. They showed little sag. They were very nice for a woman nearing forty. Again, whistles filled the room.

As it got later in the evening, things progressed rapidly. Good food combined with plenty of alcohol had an effect on everyone. Cookie was leaning against the dining room table with Cupcake in font of him grinding her ass against him. Her hand was between them holding his dick. Cream Puff had taken a new attraction to White Chocolate and the two were getting acquainted over on the couch. There were still half a dozen other guests engaged in conversation around the house, but Brownie had focused his attention on Caramel. He had wanted her since they had met three months earlier and now he was going to have her.

Caramel had taken a seat at the kitchen bar facing the dining room. While most of everyone's attention was focused on Cupcake fondling Cookie, Brownie had moved beside Caramel and would occasionally rub her shoulders and neck to gauge her reaction. She never pulled away and he took that as a sign to continue. He knelt beside her and placed a hand on her knee. She just looked at him and gave him a slight smile. Slowly he leaned in to kiss her. There was no hesitation when she returned the kiss. It was just a quick friendly kiss but it was was mutual. As the conversation continued the kisses became more frequent and lasted longer.

Over the next hour guests began to leave until only the three couples were left. Very little was being said until Caramel spoke up. "Let's go get some sleep."

"Good idea!" said Brownie almost too excited. "Cupcake you want to show Cream Puff where the guest rooms are?" He didn't care if they used one room or two. They were adults.

"Yea, no prob. What about the mess?"

"Tomorrow." was all he said. Caramel was already on her feet and leading him away. He was no longer concerned about any one else. Cupcake made sure that everyone's needs were met and headed to her place with Cookie in tow.

As soon as Brownie closed the bedroom door he kissed Caramel for the first time in earnest. She wrapped her arms around his neck and his hands went to her waist. Their tongues danced freely. He moved a hand up to cup her breast. It was as full and firm as it had looked earlier. His thumb played with her nipple. He suddenly stopped everything and took her hands in his. He looked her into her green eyes and said, "Are you sure about this?" He had never asked that of any woman.

She nodded and quietly said, "Yes." he pulled her tight and kissed her again with total passion. He grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her hips to his, grinding his hardness into her. She moaned into his mouth. He pulled her shirt off and unfastened her bra. He never took the time to notice what it looked like. His mouth went straight to a nipple while he pinched the other. She had the breasts of a twenty-five year old. 

He forced himself to stop worshiping her tits to pull his shirt off. He kissed her again feeling her bare chest against his. He pulled the zipper on the back of her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She was wearing a red thong. "Wow" he thought. He hadn't expected that. Maybe there was a wild side to this woman. She was flirty and fun to be around but now he was thinking that that just the tip of the iceberg. He continued to kiss her as he let his hand wander down her belly and into her thong. His fingers searching for her pussy. She opened her legs slightly as he found his target. She was already moist and he gently rubbed her clit. He never felt a single strand of hair and this made him smile. His experience was that older women are rarely completely shaved.

He took her to the bed and laid her down, took a moment to shed his pants and climbed up beside her. He resumed kissing her and fondling her boobs. They were perfect for him. She pushed his head down to her nipple. He sucked on it willingly, teasing it with his tongue. His hand slid over her belly and into the thong. He brushed her clit as he moved past and slide a finger into her hole. She was absolutely wet. He pounded her with his middle finger letting his palm rub against her clit. She humped against his hand and dug her nails into his back. She was moaning quietly. 

He stopped fingering her long enough to remove her thong. She pushed his head down, unquestionably wanting him to eat her. He spread her pussy lips with his index and ring fingers and fingered her clit with his thumb while his middle finger returned to her center. All attempts at slow seductive sex were being thwarted by her. She had both hands shoving his head to her pussy. It was going to be all or nothing. He would learn later that she told Cupcake she planned on acting like a whore. It was good that Cupcake withheld this information or Brownie would have attacked her at the front door when she arrived.

Giving into the pressure from her, he sucked on her clit while driving two fingers into her. She seemed to have plenty of room for more so he added a third. She took it with ease and scratched at his scalp. Her long nails were talons in her prey. He flicked at her clit and fingered her as hard as he could. He was enjoying the flavor of her juices. Suddenly, she grabbed his head and pulled it to her as her orgasm began. Her juices flowed out faster than he could drink them. The bed was soaked. His face was soaked. Fortunately, he shaved his head or his hair would be matted to his face. There was a puddle of liquid in his hand that he had caught. He pulled away from her and drank it like cold refreshing water from a mountain stream. He stared at dinner plate sized spot on the bed where she had soaked it. He had made women squirt before but never like this.

Without giving her time to rest, he moved between her legs and drove his cock home. As wet as she was he didn't wait to tease her. She wrapped her legs around his and pulled him in. He thrust into her with a steady rhythm. She returned his thrusts, fucking him with the same vigor that he fucked her. He had his prize now and she was good, one of the best he ever had. One thing he loved about mature women was that they knew how to fuck, and this one was skilled. He put her ankles over his shoulders and increased the speed of his thrusts. This caused her ass to raise off of the bed and let him bury his cock fully in her. She continued to pump with him. They drove each other closer to the edge both wanting to satisfy the other. Cupcake may have been right. If he could have Caramel on a regular basis he might be off the market.

If it wasn't for a well placed pillow and a padded headboard, Caramel's head would be slamming hard into the wall. She was ready to cum again and moved her legs off Brownies shoulders. She wrapped them around his thighs and hooked her ankles under his. This was a new position for him. Few woman could do something he had never seen and it pushed him over the edge. He slammed home one more time and held is cock in place spewing his seed deep in her. The feeling of his cum flowing into her was what she needed. Her legs locked tight to his and she unleashed another flood, even more powerful than before. Brownie collapsed on her, his heart pounding. Her looked into her green eyes and at the smile on her face. Her braided hair was coming undone and her face and chest were flush. She was more beautiful than ever. His cock was softening but still in her. He kissed her gently on the forehead. "You need to let go."

"I cant. I don't know how I did this." she giggled

"Well we better figure it out so we can sleep." He said laughing. Slowly they entangled from each other and he rolled off of her. She rolled onto her stomach, grabbed a pillow and settled down to sleep. He lay beside her gently stroking her back and shoulders. His mind would not let him sleep. She was the perfect woman for his bed, long blonde hair, pretty face, big firm tits. She had the perfect butt, not a big booty but well shaped and firm, set on wide hips. She was made for fucking and she knew how to fuck a man, not just allow herself to be fucked.

He let his hand wander down her back to her ass. He gently massaged and squeezed the flesh of her cheeks. Leaning in, he kissed her neck. He was gentle and tender. He was worshiping this goddess, not using a piece of meat. He slowly trailed a finger through the crack of her ass. She sighed beneath him and spread her legs, giving him access. He moved his hand across her hip to her inner thigh and up to her dripping gash. He pulled a finger over her clit and through her wetness to the bud of her asshole. He teased the puckered opening. Just like the entire evening, his touch caused her to relax and that only encouraged him.

He toyed with her rear opening as he trailed kisses down her back until he reached the top of her butt. Spreading her cheeks he gazed at her hole. It was large, brown and smooth, only puckered at the very center. It was made to be played with like the rest of her body. He kissed it softly, lightly touching it with his tongue. She raised up to meet him, using her ass to kiss his face. His fingers returned to her cunt, starting with three he pushed into her depths. He circled his tongue around her ass, occasionally teasing the opening. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and inserted his thumb applying pressure on her pelvic bone. Her hips bucked back at him wanting all her holes filled. His tongue worked solely on her opening how. No one had ever played with her anus like this. She had taken cocks in there but no one had taken the time to pleasure her. She was feeling the thrill of pleasure that she had not felt for a long time. 

He replaced his thumb with his first two fingers, allowing his ring finger to rub her clit. He stopped the oral assault on her anus only to replace his tongue with his thumb. Lubed with her juices he increased the pressure until it pushed past the tight ring and into her. She pushed back to him and rode his hand. Both of her holes were now used. She had never been penetrated in both at once and she loved it. He could feel his fingers touching his thumb through her inner walls. The feeling of both holes being used and her clit bring teased all at once was more than she could stand. She came with out warning, flooding the bed with even more juices. The wet spot was now wider than her hips. She wanted no other man now. Finally someone cared about her pleasure. Caramel was melted.

Brownie was ready to go again. He lay on top of her, his cock between her butt cheeks. He slowly began to move it along her crack, teasing her puckered hole. She pushed back against him, not humping but pushing. Slowly she raised her hips off the bed, her face and boobs still buried in the pillows. He pulled away from her. He teased her ass again with his thumb. She pushed more, wanting him. He rubbed his cock over her clit, leading her toward another orgasm. The head of his cock found her pussy and he entered her. It was so wet from use that he barely felt her, only the warm wetness. She had braced for him to penetrate her ass, not her pussy and she was relieved. Her experiences with anal sex had been painful. She found the slow fucking of her pussy while teasing her ass very enjoyable. The new sensations thrilled her and she gentle rocked against him. She was enjoying the slow, sensuous rhythm of their coupling. For the first time, someone was making love to her.

Brownie slow inserted his thumb into Caramels ready asshole. Feeling it against his dick in her pussy gave him something to thrust against. She stiffened slightly at the intrusion but loved the sensation. She relaxed and let him take her. She gave herself to him to be used. He changed nothing. He held his thumb in her ass and slowly pumped his cock in her pussy. They each could feel him stiffening with each thrust until his cum flowed into her. Not heavy spurts but a near constant flow. The only sound was their heavy breathing. His now limp cock slipped easily from her pussy and he carefully removed this thumb from her ass. She slumped forward on the bed, fully satisfied. He rolled over beside her, brushed the hair out of her face and kissed her forehead. Together the drifted off to sleep.

The sun was high in the sky when they woke. They slipped on some clothes and went out to the kitchen. Cupcake and Cookie were already there, grins on their faces. "So, did you two sleep well?" Cupcake asked

"Pretty good. God what a mess. Looks like someone had a party here last night'" Brownie joked. Caramel only nodded, her eyes barely open.

"Sleep? So that's what you're calling it now?" added Cookie. 

"Just like you." replied Brownie. "I didn't expect to see you today."

"Surprise!" Cookie said in an overly cheerful voice.

"Cream Puff and White Chocolate still here?" mumbled Caramel, still half asleep.

"No, they were gone when we got back. We've only been back here about fifteen minutes'" said Cupcake.
