 It was a morning of celestial glory and Cupid lifted his face to the sun. Once more he sat on his favorite cloud, his thoughts dwelling on juicy, wet cunts and tight asses. Lazily stroking his long, hard cock as he daydreamed, Cupid relaxed as warm rays bathed his closed eyelids.

Cupid enjoyed days like this, in heaven with pussy on his mind and nothing else to do than wank himself while a group of gorgeous angels watched from a nearby cloud. Occasionally one would come over and take on the task for him, stroking his cock and then gobbling him, thrusting his hot and throbbing knob deep into her mouth and jerking his cock until he would blow his jizm into her throat.

But angels are like fairy floss. They are sweet and soft and sensuous, but there is no substance to them. He needed a real woman that he could screw and chew, fuck anally, and blow his load onto her tits...All that and anything else that they could dream up together. Somewhere a vision came to him of a woman bent forward presenting her pink and eager pussy to him and a tight, brown ass that just loved to be fucked. Just the image already made his cock stiffen even more and he felt the pressure of a seething wad of spoof welling in his balls. He knew he could make it through the dimensional door to her world right now as he had stored a nice charge of psychic energy for the jump since the last time he had fucked her and drained his batteries. Perhaps...He mused, tugging his swollen knob up until he could give it a nice wet lick with his tongue...

Again the vision of a hot, wet cunt flashed before his mind and he could almost smell the exciting woman smell as her pussy pressed against his lips. He conjured up the portal and watched as it glowed into existence, swirling and opening like an eager pussy waiting for a hot and throbbing cock. A whimsical smile flickered on his lips as he dived through it, spiraling down to the dark world of humans somewhere on the other side. His beautiful warm celestial day blinked into a blustery night with scudding clouds hurrying across a pale, cold moon. He was falling towards a house he knew and, in an instant, he had passed through the roof to skid to a halt inside.

Cupid floated just below the ceiling of the bedroom. A small night-light illuminated the room showing the naked girl lying on the bed. Bless her, she had fallen asleep earlier after satisfying herself with her pink battery-powered toy. The vibrator lay loosely clasped in her hand beside her while she lay sprawled on the bed, tits like small mountains and her legs spread wide.

He feasted his eyes on her pussy, still wet from the orgasm she had given herself with her favorite toy, and arched back in the air, his cock in his hand, giving it a quick rub. His knob bobbed in and out of his foreskin like a fat, pink one-eyed jack-in-the-box as his hand pumped his shaft back and forth. Below him, she stirred in her sleep, possibly due to the wet slapping sounds he was making with his masturbation, but the sight of her open pussy moving deliciously between her legs almost made him shoot a load right there and then! Oh fuck, that cunt needed a cock in it! He dropped down until he was in position and slid his hard cock between her pussy lips, feeling the wetness of her as he slowly worked it in. She moaned in her sleep and arched her back letting him get in even deeper...That's when she opened her eyes.

"Hi Rebecca." He grinned at her, his 12-inch cock almost 2/3rds into her pussy now and both hands grasping her big tits, their nipples now hard and eager for a rub.

"Cupid!" She squealed. Her arms caught him and squashed him to her and he felt his cock ram home all the way as she pulled him in. She was so warm inside and he could feel he was in extremely deep. Her hips rose and fell forcing his cock into a fucking motion that he had forgotten to make because of his surprise at her eagerness.

"Oh, you wicked, horny little God...You've come to fuck me...mmm...I love it when you do that!"

Cupid regained his composure and smiled down at her before covering her mouth with his and sliding his tongue between her damp and smiling lips. Their tongues met and they sucked and licked at each other, kissing and probing while his cock moved into her pussy, drilling deep into her warm, eager flesh.

Now he was feeling more horny than he had in weeks and his breathing came rapid as he slid his tongue from her mouth and worked it down, licking her neck and nibbling her shoulders, still moving down until he could take one of her hard nipples in his mouth. Lovely nipples that reacted when nibbled on. First he used his lips, pressing down on the jutting nipple and rolling it, then he got his tongue working on it, licking and teasing it until it was tight as a drum.

"Ooooohh....Honey...Fuck me, drill your big hard cock into my pussy, babe!" She cried and her legs rose high in the air.

He plunged his cock in harder and faster, feeling her pussy contract as if it wanted to suck the juices straight out of his throbbing cock. Her tits bounced now that he wasn't biting the nipples anymore, but he had to concentrate...His cock was like a piston shaft, drilling into her, fucking her faster and faster.

"My God...I think I am going to cum!" Cupid managed to say between clenched teeth.

"Oh yes, hon...Cum for me. Squirt your load in my cunt....Please hon...mmmmmm" 

Rebecca wrapped her legs around him and pulled him tight into her...She was nearly there herself and eagerly awaited the flood of jizm he would shoot. She loved the feel of it as it splashed deep inside of her pussy, washing the walls of her cunt with his cream. Mmmmm....Now she felt the first hot spasm of an orgasm and a rushing tingling that threatened to explode in her brain...

"Ooooooooh fuck!" She screamed and grabbed his head, pulling it down between her huge tits. "I'm gonna cum...Oh, hon, blow your load..I'm gonna....Aaaaayyyyyyiiiiiiiii!!!!"

A hot wet rush of juice squirted from her pussy and Cupid felt it washing along his cock. Her pussy clamped tightly around his shaft and she began to spasm, her cunt sucking at his shaft like a mouth on a mother's tit. He felt his balls contract and a huge, hot gush of jizm burst from his cock. Cum squirted deep inside of her, spilling over inside of her. Rushing deeper into her pink tunnel, seeking the dark, deep spot where only a woman can appreciate it's warm and comforting effect. His cock contracted and blew forth a second spurt as her pussy sucked at him, drawing the lovely stuff deep into her.

Both of then heaved and squirted, their cums mixing inside her pussy, running down the length of his cock and finally dripping from her in large, wet sticky drops. His balls felt like they had shriveled and after what seemed like ages, the spurts of cum subsided.

"Let me lick it for you." Rebecca whispered, and Cupid lay back on the bed as her warm, wet mouth closed over his member and her hot, agile tongue busily began to lick off the sticky mixture of her pussy juices and his jizm. He couldn't resist a sample himself and soon began licking her cunt with his long tongue, lapping at the juices there, moving along her groove and deep into her love well. Even her hard clit didn't get missed as he worked on her, making sure he got every last drop of the mixture they had made together. His tongue worked on her button and he sucked it into her mouth where he nibbled on it until she writhed in ecstasy from it. So turned on by that feeling on her clit, she began stroking his cock faster and faster.

"Oooh wow..Babe!" Cupid muttered, eyes fixed on her little puckered place just south of her sweet pussy. "Turn over darling...I feel a need for your tight hole!"

Rebecca giggled as she rolled over, popping her backside into the air so as to present him with the target he so desired. Quickly Cupid lathered her tight brown puckered ass with cum salvaged from her gaping pussy and soon his dexterous fingers had worked their way in. She squirmed at the agile digits probing her, but they didn't stay long. Rebecca closed her eyes and bit at her pillow as nothing but cool air touched her waiting cavity and then it came...The long, pink bullet-train entered her tunnel. She moaned, rising to a scream of ecstasy as his long hard cock slipped deep into her nether region. Her world exploded in stars and passion as he began to fuck her tight ass getting faster and faster. Then an unexpected thrill. Cupid's fingers entered her pussy as he fucked her deeply in the ass and she could feel him stroking her to a climax while his huge piston plummeted her depths.

It was too much. She felt her climax rising like a spring tide and then it burst from her, cum squirting from her pussy in hot, wet jets. It was as if reality itself had shattered. Cum trickled from her aching pussy, washing over his fingers and trickling between her legs to soak his long shaft still deep inside her ass.

Cupid thrust once more, burying his enormous prong into her so deep she could feel his balls crushed up against her. Then he ejaculated. It was like one of those super water pistols that kids use, those cannon shaped plastic things that can pump incredible volumes over a distance. Cum splashed inside her ass. An electrical tingle rushed through her ringing all her bells. She thought she heard a choir of angels singing as he poured himself dry.

"Oh God...I've never been fucked in the ass before...that was amazing! Thank you so much!" Rebecca collapsed onto the bed. She turned her head, seeing Cupid grin that devil-may-care grin of his. Blue eyes sparkled with the passion that had electrified the room.

"You are welcome, my sweet. But you have drained my psychic energies I'm afraid."

She didn't need to ask him if he had to leave. He was fading already, becoming insubstantial as his magic wore off. The vortex sucked at his essence, pulling him back to heaven.

"Come back to me, honey!" She cried.

"You better believe it, babe!" His voice was beginning to fade. "There are still a few things we haven't tried yet."

Her breath caught as he shimmered, fading away until all she could see of him were his eyes and his smile. "Just like Alice's Cat." She sighed as the last bits of her magical lover disappeared.