 They’d been together for three years now. Each year, he’d surprised her with something special for valentine’s day. The first year, it was a weekend getaway to a hotel with dinner & a Jacuzzi. Year two, private b&b with deliciously wicked porno on the telly. What would it be this year?

He was the first man she had ever known that she felt comfortable enough to share her fantasies with. Those deep, dark, private thoughts that a girl masturbates to when she’s all alone in her bedroom. Most women have them, but few will admit it to their partners. Neither had Kina…..until she met Marcus.

She loved to talk in bed. Dirty talk, that is; but she was afraid with him at first. She didn’t want him to think her a slut. (Well, not yet, at least). But the words, the words….when she was alone, just saying the words aloud was enough to get her off within minutes! Cock, pussy, cum, thrusting, pounding, slurping, sweet, juicy, slick, fuck, harder……mmmmm. 

Marcus was the first man to talk to her in bed. To ask her what she wanted, to call her all the names she’d never asked anyone to call her – cumslut, bitch, whore….and still actually respect her in the morning! She was not only astounded, she fell in love.

She told him of her fantasies. Of being with another woman. Of being with two (or more) men. Of participating in an orgy. Of having every hole filled, and having cum poured all over her body. Never in her life had she made herself this vulnerable to a man. It was frightening, but exciting and intimate.

Marcus’ favorite color was purple, so Kina made sure to purchase something special at a local lingerie boutique. It was a deep purple velvet teddy, with underwires in the bra and satin ribbon to tie up the crotch. She knew he’d love it. 

As she slipped on her black, lace-top thigh highs and little black silk dress, she imagined the exciting possibilities of the evening. What would he do this year?

She swept her shoulder-length red hair up into a French twist, applied her “Vixen” lipstick and outlined her eyes in smoky kohl liner. 

“Mmmmmm-Marcus. You are in for a treat tonight,” she laughed as she kissed the mirror, slipped on her strappy high heels, grabbed her purse and headed downstairs to wait for him. 

She danced down the stairs, humming “Fly me to the Moon…..” and dropped her purse on the table in the foyer.

As she danced her way toward the kitchen, she scooped up her tabby cat, Bruce, and sang to him.

“Mommy’s going out tonight with Marcus, Brucey…..but I’ll be back soon, don’t you worry,” she murmured as she scratched behind his ears.

“Not too soon, I hope,” came a voice from behind her.

Kina yelped and turned around. Marcus was standing behind her, looking delicious in a tuxedo, and with a dozen long-stemmed white roses in hand.

Kina put Bruce down, and ran into Marcus’ arms. 

“Sweetheart! You scared me!” she laughed. 

“Well, at least you look happy to see me,” Marcus chuckled, as he nuzzled her neck.

“The roses are beautiful! I’ll go put them in some water,” said Kina.

“Don’t be long,” said Marcus. “The adventure is only moments away.”

Kina’s eyes widened as she promised she’d only be a moment. She felt like a teenager! She continued to hum as she placed the gorgeous roses in a vase and filled it with water. 

“Okay, I’m ready!” she exclaimed with delight and a smile. 

Marcus held out his arm. Such a gentleman! Kina thought. She was so happy to be his date for the evening. 

When they walked out the door, Kina gasped. In front of her house was a classic Bentley with a driver. 

“Only the best for you, my love,” said Marcus. 

Grinning from ear to ear, they walked toward the car. 

“Ah, ah,” said Marcus. “One more thing.”

He pulled a length of silk from his pocket. 

“The key is the surprise,” he said as he tied the length of silk around her eyes. 

“But Marcus,” she pleaded, “How will I know where we’re going?”

“That’s really the point of this, my dear,” he chuckled.

As he helped her into the car, she thought she would faint from excitement. Her Valentine’s present must be something truly special for him to go to such lengths!

As they pulled out of her driveway, Marcus kissed her neck and whispered “You are incredibly beautiful, my darling.”

“Thank you,” she smiled. “The feeling is mutual.”

They kissed, and she felt his fingers brush her thigh, sliding up her dress to the top of her stockings. 

“Mmmmmm, stockings,” he whispered against her mouth as he kissed her softly, then licked her bottom lip and sucked it gently into his mouth.

He pulled her leg over his and touched the tender skin on her thigh that was not covered by lace. Her breathing quickened as his fingers slid up to the satin ribbon that held her teddy laced between her legs. 

“A present? For me?” he asked, as Kina laughed and rolled her hips into his hand.

Marcus pressed his fingers gently against her clitoris and began stroking softly as he kissed her. In her already aroused state, she knew it wouldn’t take long for her to cum. 

“Oh yes, touch me, just like that,” she breathed into his mouth as she pressed her wet pussy into his fingers. Her clit was throbbing as his strokes became faster, bringing her closer to release.

“Cum for me,” Marcus whispered.

“Oh god, yes! Make me cum, Marcus,” she cried as she bucked her hips against his hand and came, groaning into his mouth.

Kina relaxed, panting onto the plush, leather seats of the Bentley. 

“What a nice present,” Kina moaned.

“Oh, my dear, it’s only begun,” laughed Marcus as he pulled the blindfold from her eyes. 

Kina blinked to regain her sight. The first thing she saw was the rear-view mirror in the front seat, and the driver’s lustful glance. 

“Oh my goodness!” she said as she blushed furiously. “Marcus! I can’t believe you did that in front of someone else!” Kina had a hard time looking back into the mirror, knowing what the handsome driver had just seen. 

“No worries, love,” said Marcus. “You’re beautiful when you cum. Isn’t she, Anthony?” he asked the driver.

“Yes sir,” said Anthony, looking at Kina in the mirror. “Very lovely, sir.”

Kina blushed and buried her face in Marcus’ shoulder. She was embarrassed, but also excited by the idea that another man had watched her cum. And a handsome one at that!

“Well, my dear, here we are,” said Marcus, looking out the window. 

Kina looked as well and saw that they had stopped in front of The Charmeuse, the only 5-star hotel in the city. 

“Oh my!” she exclaimed as the driver opened the door for them. She was overwhelmed. She’d wanted to stay in this hotel since she was 8 years old. She looked at Marcus in shock. 

“Yes, my dear, I remembered,” he smiled at her. 

As Kina turned to walk into the hotel, Anthony gave her an appreciative glance and a smile. 

“Enjoy your evening, Sir, M’lady,” he said. 

“Thank you, Anthony,” they replied as they walked into the hotel, arm in arm.

When they walked in, the scene was lovely. Roses decorated the wood and green marble décor in every corner.

“Shall we?” asked Marcus, as he led her into the ballroom for the annual Valentine’s Ball.

The next two hours were sheer bliss for Kina. They dined on filet and danced their hearts out to big band tunes. She was in heaven. She felt pampered, spoiled, cherished. Just what every girl wants to feel on Valentine’s day.

When they danced to “Fly Me to the Moon,” Kina swooned as Marcus kissed her passionately. She could feel his cock hardening against the low swell of her belly.

“Are you ready to visit our suite?” he asked, smoldering lust in his eyes.

Kina answered by smiling and kissing him softly, her tongue darting between his lips.

As they rode up in the elevator, Marcus grabbed Kina around the waist and pressed her against the wood-paneled wall. 

Kina groaned as she felt his erection between her thighs. She pressed her wet pussy against him, remembering the scene in the car.

The elevator stopped, and another couple looked in.

“Going down?” they asked.

“No, not yet,” replied Marcus, buttoning his coat to hide his lustful evidence.

Kina knew she was flushed and looked away so she wouldn’t laugh as the doors closed.

They stopped at the top floor.

Kina’s eyes widened. “The penthouse??” she asked, incredulous. 

“As I said, only the best for MY baby,” Marcus took her in his arms and danced her off the elevator, humming.

They stepped off the elevator and walked down the hallway to the door. Marcus slid his key card and the green light came on. 

When they walked in, Kina’s eyes widened as her hand clasped her chest.

“Oh, Marcus,” she breathed, “It’s beautiful!”

The suite was made up of three large rooms: The main room, which had plush velvet-upholstered sofas and floor-to-ceiling velvet curtained windows, showing a view of the city; a lush bedroom, with candles everywhere and a wide, comfortable-looking king-sized bed; and a bathroom (large enough to be a second bedroom!) with a two-person Jacuzzi and a stand-up shower. 

Marcus picked up a small, black remote control and pressed a button. The curtains opened, offering a dazzling display of the city lights as the stereo clicked on, playing more Frank Sinatra tunes.

Kina walked around gingerly, feeling like a princess. She looked at the table near the sofa and saw champagne and strawberries waiting. 

“Mmmmmmm! I’ve always wanted to try this,” she said as she picked up a strawberry.

Marcus poured two glasses of champagne and offered one to Kina.

“Oh Marcus,” she said. “I never expected……never believed you’d think of this!”

“Every word you speak is burned into my memory,” he murmured, as he pulled Kina to him and planted a soft kiss on her shoulder.

They toasted to eternal love and kissed. Kina was so enraptured, she became lost in the moment. As their passion grew, Marcus took both of their glasses and set them down. 

He scooped her into his arms and walked toward the bedroom. 

“I can’t wait to taste you any longer,” he whispered huskily.

Kina was in heaven. She was with the man she loved in the loveliest hotel in the city. Could life get any better?

She’d thought that Marcus was taking her to the bedroom, but he carried her towards the bathroom. When they walked in, Kina saw that their were candles lit all around the tub filled with scented bubbles.

He set her down gently and undressed her, starting by kneeling at her feet and removing her high heels. He nuzzled her between her legs as he rolled down each stocking. Seating her on the side of the bath, Marcus got to his knees and slid his hands up her thighs, parting them and breathing onto her already moist pussy.

Kina sighed and put her arms on each side of her to balance, as Marcus licked playfully at the folds of her labia. When his tongue finally teased her clit, she jumped as if electrified and grabbed his shoulders.

“Oh, yesssss,” she moaned. His tongue swirled gently around her clit, making it swell and burst through it’s soft little coat. Marcus took her clit between his lips and drew his tongue underneath, applying pressure to both sides. He knew she was getting close to cumming. 

Kina bucked her hips into Marcus’ lips and tongue, and cried out, “God yes, lick my pussy! Make me cum in your mouth!”

Marcus hummed into her and sucked her clit between his lips. Kina threw her head back and let loose a gutteral moan as her cunt convulsed and poured nectar onto Marcus’ face and hand. She collapsed over him, pulling his head up to her belly and kissing his hair.

Afterward, Marcus helped her step into the bath and bathed her gently. “I can’t wait for you any more, take me now,” Kina purred.

“Yes ma’am!” Marcus laughed as he wrapped a towel around her and scooped her into his arms.

In the bedroom, Marcus sat on the bed and pulled Kina onto his lap. He kissed her mouth as he pulled her towel open and licking gently between her breasts. When his mouth reached her nipple, she gasped. She was so aroused at this point, that the slightest touch made her wet with desire.

Just then, there was a knock at the door. Kina looked at Marcus, puzzled.

“Room service,” he said. “Be right back.”

Kina smiled, finished drying herself off and arranged herself on the bed. She wanted to look irresistible when he returned.

Marcus walked back in the room and said, “Where were we?”

“Where’s the room service?” Kina asked.

“I left it in the other room,” Marcus said. “I’d like dessert first,” he smiled and wiggled his eyebrows at her and produced a length of satin from behind his back.

“Ooooooh, what’s THAT for?” Kina whispered and batted her eyes.

“You’ll see….or not, as the case may be,” chuckled Marcus. 

He covered her eyes with the blindfold and told her to sit on her feet, knees spread. Kina obeyed. She heard him walk away, close the doors and walk back to her. Then she heard his zipper.

Kina licked her lips. They’d played this game before. He liked a little control, and she liked letting him be in control. And how she loved his cock. Seven inches, thick and straight as iron. 

She felt the head of his cock being rubbed across her lips. Kina opened her mouth and licked around the head. Damn, he tasted delicious. A sort of woody scent mixed with the saltiness of his skin and the sweetness of precum. She opened her mouth wider and sucked as much of the length as she could into her mouth and throat. 

“Mmmmmm, that’s nice,” she heard him say. “Suck that cock well, my little cumslut.”

Kina moaned with his cock in her mouth. He knew how much she loved his dirty little pet names when she was giving head. She reached up and took his cock in both hands, stroking it while moving her head in small circles and swirling her tongue up and down the shaft of his cock.

She felt him get harder and the head of his cock twitch. She knew he was close to cumming. So she stopped, pulled his cock out of her mouth and licked it from base to tip, then sucked him deeply into her throat and stroked his cock with her hand slick with saliva and precum.

“Oh, yeah, yes, just like that, you little whore!” he screamed as pumped his hips into her face and shot streams of cum into her warm, waiting mouth.

Kina swallowed it all and licked him clean. His cum was sweet, almost sugary. She loved the taste of it.

“What would you have me do now, lover,” she asked him, sitting back obediently onto her heels, gyrating her hips suggestively.

He leaned down and whispered in her ear, “On your knees, now.”

Kina shivered and whispered “Yes sir,” as she turned around onto the bed. He put a pillow in front of her for her head as she spread her knees and wagged her hips high in the air toward him. Letting him know how very much she wanted his cock.

He moved toward her, offering light touches on her buttocks and thighs, then smacking her bottom, hard. Kina jumped and squealed. She hadn’t been expecting that!

“Don’t move, slut,” he said.

“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir,” she panted.

She felt his cock slide over her skin. Up one buttock, across, his fingers teasing playfully against her anus and pussy. She did her best to hold still under his torturous attentions.

Kina moaned and begged, “Please, please, fuck me. Please! I need you to fuck me!”

“I love it when you beg to be my whore, Kina,” he chuckled.

“Mmmmm, yes, I’m yours,” she moaned as she pumped her hips toward him. 

Suddenly, his cock plunged into her, hard and definite. Kina gasped as he grabbed her hips and held himself inside her. Finally! She felt filled, complete, and very close to orgasm.

He didn’t move for what felt like an eternity. Kina whimpered and tried to move her hips, but he held tightly. She felt his cock twitch inside the walls of her cunt. She gripped him with her pussy, clamping down again and again, until he complied with her unspoken wanting and began to slide, slowly, in and out of her. 

It was languorous, sweet, and entirely too slow for her liking. She tried to encourage him by moving faster, but he wouldn’t let her. 

“Damn it!” She screamed. “Fuck me, now! Pump me hard with your big fucking cock and make me cum!”

“Anything for my lady,” she heard him laugh.

She felt his grip tighten as he thrust into her, hard and deep, pushing her into the bed, slapping his body against hers. Slamming her, driving into her, pumping her full of the hard cock she’d desperately begged for. 

“Do you like that, you fucking cumslut? Is this what you wanted?” he said.

“Yes, yeeeesss, oh god, fuck meeeeeee!” Kina screamed as she clamped down on his cock and poured her cum all over him, splashing his thighs and her own in the process.

Still, he pumped into her, now placing his thumb against her anus and stimulating her. Kina reached down and held her fingers against her clit, allowing the motion of being fucked hard to vibrate her hand against the swollen button. 

“Oh, oh, oh, don’t stop fucking me, pleeeeease don’t stop,” Kina begged as she built to another orgasm.

He kept going, pumping into her, the blindfold sliding down her face from being thrust into so hard. The black satin was in the way, so Kina ripped it off her head and threw it aside. When she opened her eyes, she gasped. 

Reflected in the mirror, she saw Marcus. Not behind her, but next to the bed, stroking his cock. Looking up, she saw that it was Anthony, the driver who had brought them to the hotel, who was pumping his large dick into her cum-loving pussy.

The sight drove her insane. She pumped her hips into Anthony and told Marcus to come to her. She grabbed his cock and greedily sucked it into her mouth. She was in heaven! Two beautiful men with beautiful thick cocks and they were all hers! 

Marcus moaned and said, “Yeah, that’s it, baby, suck that cock, get fucked, you little bitch, you love it, don’t you!” 

“Oh god, oh god, yessss,” cried Kina as she sucked Marcus back into her mouth, feeling Anthony’s cock thicken inside of her.

“Give me your cum, Marcus,” she growled. “I want you and Anthony to both cum inside of me.”

Marcus could stand it no longer. He roared like a lion and shot his load into Kina’s mouth. Rope after rope of sweet, sticky cum. 

Kina went mad, screaming her orgasm around Marcus’ cock as Anthony yelled, “I’m cumming!”

She came again, with Marcus’ cock still in her mouth and Anthony pounding his juice deep into her hot cunt.

Marcus pulled out of her mouth and kissed her passionately as Anthony leaned over her back, spent, and planting kisses along her spine.

“You’re not mad at me, are you?” asked Marcus with worry in his eyes.

Her eyes got wide as she laughed loudly. “Are you kidding me?” she asked. “This is the best Valentine’s Day ever!