 You walk along the path beside the road, linear and harsh, the street lights on above your head. Uncertainty has filled you for most of the journey, but curiosity still has the better of you. 

The doorway is well lit on this terraced London town house, you walk towards it and pause within arms reach. Your hand rests on the doorknocker and as you lift it, you feel the door begin to move of its own accord. You let go instantly and the door swings slowly, eerily open, revealing an empty hallway with stairs.

Guilt, doubt, uncertainty, you turn to walk away. Just as you do so, you hear sounds coming from within. 

Curiosity. It has always been your weakness.

You silently mouth to yourself the words "Forever is a long time to wait", "be brave or go home" and walk in, closing the door behind you. Onwards and up the stairs, there are doors on either side of the landing, from some you can hear noises. Chatter from one, grunting and physical exertion from another, a muffled squeal from a third. This is definitely the place.

You have run this scenario over and over in your mind. Ever since your fantasy started to become an obsession, you have been seeking to find a safe way to make it come true. To feel the feelings that you have so far only imagined. Every day for as long as you can remember now, you have painted the scenario vividly in your mind, as you warmly stroked your pussy. Your useless husband could never have made it come true, but he was dealt with for now. Here you are, alone, ready for fulfilment, scared as hell.

You check the message on your phone, the symbol at the end was a bunch of grapes, exactly the same as the ones on the last door on this landing. Your timing is good, you grasp the handle and walk in.

Two men, dark haired, muscular and stripped to the waist are sat at a table playing cards. The straps from their braces hang down loosely, making them look rural, slightly thuggish. They turn to look at you and you feel a surge of power flow through you. You will be in control now.

You walk to the table and take the first by the hand, pulling him up from his seat and leading him towards the bed. No words are exchanged. Behind you, the second stands up and follows you. You turn the first so that he is stood at the foot of the bed, facing away from it, still holding your hand. You reach up to put one hand on his neck and pull him towards your mouth. Your lips touch and his tongue starts to search for yours, entering your mouth and inexpertly probing. You gently bite it to tease him and before he can retract it, you suck it back inwards. You have made your point, you are the dominant and he will submit to you.

Your tongues slide and probe and you feel his stubble against your delicate skin. His fragrance is expensive, musky, familiar. You press yourself against him and feel the bulge in his trousers.

Behind you comes a second pair of hands, outlining the shape of your bum. Then searching around your waist, pausing for a moment, then your skirt drops to the floor. Your top is pulled up over your head and flung to a corner somewhere. His hands start at your shoulders and he gently kisses you on the nape of your neck, he slowly works his way down your spine, kissing every inch, touching your skin all over, his hands stroking softly and quickly releasing the catch on your bra. 

You are stood kissing Mr stubble, all of your focus is on him, but that is about to change.

The guy behind, his face smooth and moisturised, reaches the base of your spine with his soft kisses and pauses, not yet ready to take off your panties. He crouches behind you, at first you feel him gently moving your legs apart, stroking sensitively up and down each one as he does so, then his hands are on your hips and you feel his face on the back of your upper thighs as he nuzzles in to your pussy from behind. Running his face all over your panties, you feel the pressure of his cheeks at your ass, as the bridge of his nose gently rubs your pussy lips. The tip just touching your clit. Insistent, warm and regular, you are soon soaking wet. He pulls your panties aside, lifts his head and begins probing with his tongue. Teasing your clit, lapping at your lips and parting them ever so slowly, expertly. 

You let out a low moan and start to lean forward, sending Stubble backwards onto the bed. He quickly takes off his trousers, revealing he was wearing nothing else. A massive boner stands up from between his thighs. You take it in your hands and bring it slowly to your mouth. Bent over at right angles at the foot of the bed, Mr smooth working your pussy with his tongue and Mr stubble now moaning gently as you stroke his cock and gently lick the tip.

Between your legs, Smooth has worked your lips apart and placed his tongue right at your entrance. Gently but persistently applying pressure in an unstoppable rhythm. His hands have moved around and are teasing your pussy lips. He is eating you, gorging on your pussy, you cannot resist as you feel his tongue dart all the way in, then back to your entrance and more teasing. His hands working wonders, you are wetter than you have ever been. You feel a tingling sensation in your lower tummy and it grows, and grows. The heat building in your body, centred at your pussy. Your thigh muscles start to twitch, but Mr smooth holds on tighter and thrusts his face into you. Licking, probing, teasing. Un-stopping and delicious. The feeling is taking forever to come, but you are enjoying the anticipation.

Eventually, you succumb and let out a long low moan, your pussy convulsing, the first orgasm you have had in a very long time.

Mr Stubble takes this opportunity to move down the bed. His head now level with yours and your pendulous breasts resting on his manly chest. You feel his manhood brush against your thigh. 

Your pussy lips are expertly parted by Mr Smooth's fingers and you feel a pressure at your entrance again, but no penetration yet. These men are taking you slowly, working with each other to maximise your pleasure. Mr Stubble resumes your kiss, your eyes close and you let your mind feel your body. With one hand Stubble is holding your neck, whilst the other is stroking up and down your back. His cock is definitely between your pussy lips, but he hasn't pushed inside.

Another feeling presents itself, as Mr Smooth begins to lap at the sensitive skin below your pussy, towards your ass. You can feel his hand gently teasing your pussy lips, moving around the cock that is firmly planted between them, the sensation is incredible.

Smooth takes respite, moves on and makes his way to the top of the bed.

Stubble's hand reaches your lower back, then grabs your bum, whilst he slowly thrusts deep inside of you. You can feel the stretch of your pussy as he enters, he is a big boy, filling you to your limit. Then he starts to pull out and rests the head of his cock at your entrance again. You take control and plunge down onto him.

Your bum begins to bounce rhythmically off of Stubble's thighs and you disengage the kiss to look up. Smooth is kneeling on the bed, he has disrobed and his boner is pointing straight at you. You sit up, keeping your hips rocking, working that cock in and out of you. You lean across to Smooth and put a hand on his neck, pulling him closer to you. You kiss him whilst you reach down to his package. His mouth is welcoming, warm, soft and enveloping. You feel a tingle run down your spine. You can feel how much he wants you, how his tongue is expertly exploring you, his lips open. He begins to nibble at your lips, gently biting and tugging them. His hands are all over your tits. Cupping them, then using his palms to cover your nipples, releasing the pressure so that he is just stroking across your flesh. Your nipples respond and swell to meet his touch. He opens his fingers and your nipples slip between them. He gently closes his fingers trapping you between them, the palms of his hands stroking across your breasts, pulling at your trapped nipples as he moves them. You feel the tingle of excitement as your body starts to heat up.

This is what you had longed for, the scenario playing across your mind for so many years. You try to look around, drawing it all in. The sound of grunting as you slide up and down that magnificent cock. The gentle slap of your breasts against smooth palms. The hint of pain as he teases your nipples. Stubble's hand is grabbing your ass, helping you ride up and pulling you back down. 

The crisp white linen, the musk of his aftershave, the touch of his hand on your ass.

It is all too much as you feel the hot tingling sensation begin to build in your belly. You picture the two men in your mind, working you, wanting to please you, intimately entangled. Their hands stroking you, tongues lapping at you, whilst you ride that beast of a cock.

Over and over you ride, edging closer and closer. The heat in your loins, the tingle in your pussy, you begin to shudder and let out a guttural groan that surprises even you. The waves of pleasure ride over you, coursing through your body as you come to a grinding halt, impaled on that cock, your pussy pulsating around it. 'Smooth' is still teasing your tits, alternating pleasure and gentle pain, though more softly now and as he does so a small tremor shakes through you again.

You pull back your head and with one look signal to 'Stubble' that you are going to get off of him and onto the bed. You stand, naked bar your heels and cast a look at Smooth, you aren't finished with him yet.

You get on the bed on your hands and knees, your ass is facing the headboard and you usher Smooth to kneel down behind you. Stubble is stood at the foot of the bed, facing you. Amazingly your rhythmic ridings have not dampened his enthusiasm and his large cock is staring you in the face.

Smooth gets to work, on his knees behind you, you can feel his lower stomach, hard and smooth, resting against your bum. His hands are busy between your legs and you feel yourself being teased open again. His cock is presented and with a jiggle he is inside and thrusting already.

You bury your face into Stubbles crotch, gently sucking, licking and sliding your lips up and down. You can hear him moan, you always were great at this. 

You are in ecstasy, two men servicing your needs. One in your mouth and one deep inside your pussy. You sway back and forth on your knees to meet Smooth's thrusts from behind, tugging on Stubbles cock as you do so. You can tell he is getting close to his climax now. His breath is heavy and his cock is hard and pulsing in your mouth. You change tack and start to use more tongue, teasing underneath the head of his cock. You hear him gasp, you are in control of his cock, and you squeeze the base of his shaft with your fingers to slow him down. You are going to enjoy this moment for as long as you possibly can.

Stubble stays hard and begins to offer gentle thrusts into your mouth, timed to match those of Smooth behind you. You are sandwiched between them, both in urgent need now. Smooth is pushing deep into your pussy, pulling your hips back against him. You feel your pussy lips being stretched at each thrust. The feeling is electric, just as you had fantasised.

Smooth changes position behind you and you feel his balls slapping against your pussy, the head of his cock probing new and exciting areas within you. Your pussy lights up in response as he works you for all you are worth.

You devour Stubble's cock, stroking faster now as you feel the thrusts quicken from Smooth behind you. His new position stimulates you, his balls banging against your clit, the head of his cock rubbing your most sensitive spot inside of you, you are wet for him and he can wait no longer.

He moves a hand to rub your clit with the lightest touch, all the while rocking back and forth inside of you. Hot, wet and tingly, you feel the waves begin to form once more. Faster with his fingers, he teases you. His thrusts quicken further.

Stubble matches the increased pace with his hips, his cock is rock hard in your mouth and ready to explode.

You are mesmerised, on the edge. The scent of sex, the sound of ecstasy, the feeling of two men, desperate to be inside of you. Wanting you, needing you. You are at once in control of them both and yet slave to your own needs.

You begin rocking frantically between them. Pounding down on Smooths cock behind you, using your fingers encircled around stubbles cock in front of you to tug up and down whilst you keep the tip of his cock between your lips, sucking, urging him on.

Faster and faster, your body exuding sweat, being worked by these two swarthy men, the waves of pleasure getting deeper inside of you, gaining in intensity, building and building.

Your face flushes red, your body heats up and an unstoppable wave of pleasure builds from inside of you. You feel yourself beginning to shake, unable to control your legs, your hand unsteady, but somehow still working Stubble's cock. You know that you are here, the end of your journey. When it comes, it feels like an explosion between your thighs, reaching every part of your body, pinpoint lights flash across your vision, like stars in the sky.

With a loud moan, Smooth cums inside of you, pulling your hips hard against him and burying himself deep within you. You collapse onto the bed and can no longer hold Stubble in your mouth, you release your grip and give him a few well timed strokes as he fires his load across the bed.

You are spent, your fantasy fulfilled. You lie collapsed on the bed with Smooth on top of you, still inside you, his cock pulsing in time with the involuntary spasms of your pussy. Stubble has joined you on the bed, he is kissing your forehead, stroking anywhere he can reach. 

You lie still, hot and sweaty, your fantasy cravings sated, for now. You are desperately pleased with yourself and a big grin crosses your face. Time has slowed down and the warmth of the two men embracing you calms and relaxes you. As time passes, you drift into sleep.