 Terri and Jack slowly broke their kiss. The smiles returned and a friendly mood surrounded them once more. The kiss had done wonders for Terri's nerves turning tingles of fear and doubt into warmth and maybe just a little bit of hunger. Jack on the other hand was beginning to feel a bit of performance anxiety. He laughed to himself when he realized there was no need to worry about his tongue getting soft. 

"What are you laughing at?" Terri poked him accusingly. 

"I'll tell you later. Let's go, I think my nose needs tickling." Jack rubbed his nose feigning an itch. 

"Yeah? Tickled by what?" Terri teased.

Jack looked at her for a moment not understanding. When he finally got it, he gave Terri a look of mock surprise followed by a deep rolling laugh. He was still laughing as she pulled him out of the salon. 

After locking the door Terri and Jack moved slowly to their cars, which were parked together. Terri moved in between the cars and tossed her purse through the open window. 

"Good thing it didn't rain. So whose place shall it be, yours or mine? I vote yours." Jack leaned back on the car making his feelings clear. 

"Why is that?" Terri thought it should be his place since her roommate would be home this time of night.

"Well there are a few reasons. The first is you can kick me out when you're done with me." Jack started counting them off tapping his finger with each point. "Also, my roommate is home and although I know you have one too, mine's a guy. I'm sure your roommate would be much more discrete about all the noise you're going to be making soon."

Jack noted with some pleasure the open mouthed shock his last comment had earned. Faked or not it was worth it. Terri started to say something but Jack cheated stopping her with a quick kiss. 

"Next there's the surgeon general's warning that I'm required to give to all the women who enjoy my considerable talents." He took on an official tone. "Warning - Do not operate heavy equipment, drive, or perform sensitive tasks after receiving sexual pleasure from the man in front of you."

She tried to fight it, but Jack was just being too goofy. Terri laughed at him as he kept trying to look serious. 

"You may laugh, but this is serious. I can't let you have an accident on the way home. Not that you'll be able to walk for an hour." He thought about the last statement remembering childish promises of fucking a woman so hard she won't be able to walk for a week.

"At least you won't want to," he amended. Terri understood exactly the point he had made from an earlier conversation. She was convinced.

"Okay you've sold me. You're right, if it's that good I won't want to drive home and I'm sure as hell not spending the night with you. You think I want your roommate telling all your buddies about how you brought a woman home and your room was completely quiet the entire night? I'd hate to do that to you, buddy. Follow me." Terri dropped into her car and started it.

"Don't lose me at any lights. I'd hate to think what the interest might be if we had to wait a day." Jack's last sentence was lost in the squeal of her tires. He raced around his car and floored it to catch up.

Terri had momentarily been tempted to leave him or pull ahead and hide out to make him sweat. The joking had left her in a playful mood but the yellow light ahead brought her back to the reality of her situation. Her tires left tread four feet past where she was supposed to stop. Her car was canted just slightly to the left from the skid.

There was no doubt now. Terri wanted Jack. As Jack pulled along side to grin, she was realizing that more than just exchanged oral favors was about to happen. Jack may think that he'll go down and go, she thought to herself. She smiled back at him telling herself he still owed her a tip for the cut. She pulled away slowly as the light turned green. Jack eased in behind her and noted she never went above the speed limit the entire way.

Terri turned her car into an apartment complex. Jack followed her to the back of the development negotiating the twists and turns. It seemed like a decent place to live and he made a mental note to ask about the rent later. Terri turned into a parking space waving Jack into one of the visitor slots.

Jack walked up to Terri's car as she got out. He followed her down the sidewalk. Ahead was an outside stairway with a doorway at each of the two landings it contained. The ground floor also had two doorways. Jack grabbed Terri's arm stopping her.

"Do you have to get up early in the morning?" Jack asked. 

"No, why?" Terri responded. Jack looked at her seriously.

"Because this is going to take a while." Jack struck a heroic pose and leapt up the stairs two at a time. Just as he was getting to the first landing he heard her yell.

"I've got the time, big boy. But you should know that I live on the ground floor." Terri was grinning through her underwhelmed tone. 

"I knew that." Jack said as he started back down the stairs. He thought about hopping over the rail halfway down but she was right under where he would land. He walked up behind her as she opened the door. Loud music he hadn't noticed beat at their ears as the light from inside spilled out of the doorway. He remarked about the soundproofing to Terri.

"What?" She yelled back.

"Nice soundproofing." He yelled.

She left him to close the door and she went up to the stereo and turned it down.

"Hey Terri." The female voice came from the back room of the apartment. 

"Hey Vicki, you alone?" Terri yelled back.

"Yeah, Eric has to work late tonight." Terri's roommate came into the room wearing a cut-off shirt and shorts. She noticed Jack and waved. He smiled back. Terri made quick introductions and turned the stereo up a little. She and Vicki exchanged looks behind Jack.

Jack didn't notice the girl's quiet communication. He was too busy checking out Vicki's tight tan belly. He watched her sit down and pick up a woman's magazine. The expected roll around the belly button never appeared. As Terri pulled him toward the bedroom he congratulated himself. At least I didn't stare at her tits, he thought. 

Terri grabbed the bottom of her shirt and started pulling. Jack wrapped his arms around her to stop. 

"You in a hurry?" He asked.

"Yeah. No matter how good you think I am, I can never keep hair from getting in my clothes. I always change when I get home. Besides you're only going to take what I'm wearing off anyway." She watched him smile.

"You'll have your clothes on longer than you might think." Jack closed the door as he exited the room giving her a chance to change. He was right in thinking she might like some privacy. Terri appreciated the gesture.

She opened the door giving Jack the best look he had at her body yet. He also knew he was busted. Terri was wearing nearly the same clothes as Vicki. A wicked look on Terri's face confirmed he had been caught. A quick kiss of appreciation for letting her change alone allowed him his first chance to touch her body without clothes. Her skin was soft and smooth with a hint of tautness underneath. His hands were barely on her sides a moment when she broke off and walked to the small kitchen. 

Jack was left with his hands in the air and the stirring in his pants. He followed Terri with his eyes until he could get his feet moving. He declined the beer she offered asking for water instead. 

"It's thirsty work I'm about to do. I better get hydrated." He suddenly remembered Vicki was sitting right behind him. A quick look at Terri told him it was okay.

"What work would that be?" Vicki came up behind him pressing herself a little closer that he would have expected. Terri's expression never changed. 

"Ask Terri." Jack took a drink trying to get off the hook. Terri laughed.

"I'll tell you later if it's worth talking about." Vicki moved back to the couch groaning. Terri grabbed Jack's glass and refilled it from the tap. The ice melted under the flow so she added a few cubes. 

"Enough wasted time. Let's go big boy." Jack has a point, Terri thought. Being in her own place was allowing her to feel more confident. There was no doubt in her mind that she would have been nervous at Jack's. Here she had more control. 

"'Night Vicki." Terri said as she walked by Jack. She had seen how intently Jack's eyes were following her movements and knew there was no need to pull him away this time. 

"'Night?" Vicki called after her. "It's only eight."

"If it's worth talking about you won't see me until morning." Vicki let out a whoop and clapped as Jack and Terri moved out of sight. 

Jack's eyes once again followed Terri. He'd like to think his eyes slowly drifted down her body but in reality they were locked on her ass from the start. She had a perfect side to side roll. This girl knows how to walk, he thought.

Jack watched her heart-shaped ass retreat into the bedroom. He followed her in moving close. She stepped out of his embrace thinking he was still playing. Her smile froze on her face as she turned around. Her laughter died abruptly. 

As he walked into the bedroom Jack's mood changed. He was already thinking about what he wanted to do. Sex was normally something he just did. Like any guy he had some basic things he would usually do, but mostly he played it by ear. Give, take, give some more, take a little, then fuck, generally described the flow as it happened naturally. Now it was going to be all give and he was starting to enjoy the idea of driving Terri insane. 

A voice in his head told him to tease her. He dismissed the idea. Although she had teased him he did not want this to be about play. A nice and easy build would be better. No hurry. Jack did not realize that other than stopping there is no better form of teasing. More things came naturally to Jack than he knew.

His serious look had stopped her short. Terri's smile became a shy grin as Jack took her face in his hands. He looked into her eyes. The silver gray orbs were moist and shining. She closed them and moved closer. Their mouths met with sweet and gentle pressure. Jack didn't press against her or pull her into his body. As he carefully touched her mouth with the softest kiss a slow song replaced the formerly loud angry male music that had been playing.

Jack smiled into the kiss feeling that things were going his way. He took Terri's hand and turned her gently. His arms wrapped around her as she leaned back into his chest.

"Did you enjoy me earlier," Jack asked. "The feeling of your mouth was incredible. Your tongue came so close to making me lose control so many times."

Jack deepened his voice a little. His half whisper in her ear was easily the most erotic thing that had happened to Terri. The descriptions were going straight to her head. At the same time the inadvertent brush of his lips against her ear sent nervous lightning down her spine. 

Terri wasn't used to this. Normally she was the one in control, driving the action. With boys she quickly realized the best way to assure her orgasm was to be the aggressor. As she became sure of her body and responses it felt natural to take control. She thought it was more fun that way and the guys she dated didn't argue.

"Putting the towel over my eyes so I couldn't watch you made it so much more intense. I didn't get to see what you were doing to my cock. Didn't get to see your tongue dragging my balls up as you licked. Instead I got to feel it all. I felt the slight roughness of your tongue as you drew it from the base all the way up to the tip. Feeling your lips part to let the head inside your mouth like the first feeling of my cock entering your pussy.

"Feeling your head start to move up and down my cock. Your tongue moving the whole time your head bobbed. Oh the way you lick with your tongue..." Jack's breathing was just as affected as Terri's. The memory of the blowjob was still clear in his mind. Terri pressed back into his body as they swayed to the music. 

Terri could not think or move other than the swaying that he was causing. His words were bringing back the memory of her enjoying his cock. But he was adding more with each bit of description. He was telling her exactly what her motions, attention, and suction had done to him. 

Her eyes darted to different places without really seeing. Terri tasted him all over again as Jack brought out more details of their first contact. She felt the texture against her fingers, her lips, and her tongue. Her mouth opened as the memory of him entered her again. The first feeling and taste as she sucked the head into her mouth came to her as if it was happening now. The head so velvety and wet with his secretions giving her a hint of the pungent taste to follow.

He rocked her silently for a moment; her eyes closed savoring the memory. One of Jack's hands moved up to gently massage her neck. She opened her eyes and almost jumped. Jack had moved them in front of her mirror and the reflection had momentarily made her think someone else was in the room. Her heart rate had not increased though. Terri couldn't imagine it would beat any harder. 

She watched Jack in the mirror. He was looking at her neck, but he might as well have been looking through her. His chest filled with each deep breath he took. Terri wondered how he could take in so much air when she could take in so little. She felt his hot breath on her skin, marveling at how he seemed to expel it from his nose. She pictured a bull, head bowed, muscles bunching. Jack was about to charge and she was about to take him at full speed. Full speed would be a long time coming.

She reached back grabbing the collar of his shirt. He let it come up over his head ducking so it didn't pull his glasses off. To do this right he needed every sense he had and sight was chief among them. Jack let her have his shirt. Having his chest uncovered would not get in the way. That's all she can have, he thought knowing any more would distract him. He finally looked up into the mirror meeting Terri's stare. 

Jack smiled at her and she tried to smile back. He kept his eyes on her as his lips found her neck. Her long sleek neck left wonderfully exposed by her short hair. He watched her mouth open as her head tilted back into him. Her eyes closed as the tingling heated her already warm body. 

Jack lifted her up and walked to the bed. In one smooth motion he laid Terri down and came to rest above her. Her arms wrapped around his neck as their lips met. Again he was soft and gentle like trying to write on rice paper without tearing it. 

Terri shifted under him sliding one of her legs outside his forcing more of his weight onto her. He kept his upper body supported with his arms, but his pelvis pressed heavily into her. Their legs twisted together at her urging. Her hips started moving in a slow grind.

He planted small kisses on her chin, her neck, and her ears. She pressed her face against him trying to touch anything she could with her lips. Her tongue glanced off his neck but Jack moved away just slightly. 

"This is about you," he whispered in her ear as more lightning flashed down her spine. It was a useless suggestion.

Terri wanted him inside her. Her arms pulled his face to hers but she needed more. She wanted the taste of him on her lips and tongue. She wanted his body between her legs, hers legs wrapped around him. Most of all she wanted him to fill her, to open and take her. 

Jack rolled over pulling her atop him. He still controlled the kissing, starting to take her mouth a little more urgently. He opened his mouth to meet her long ago parted lips. His hands began moving; gently massaging her shoulders and back. Terri moaned into his mouth as he released all the tension and frustration knotting her shoulders. Her mouth slipped from his as her head dropped to the pillow.

Terri's lips found his ear as he continued to relax her neck, shoulders and back. He tried to move away but stopped when Terri forced the word no from her mouth. Jack worked to concentrate on what he was doing. Lightning and a cold shivers made his body jerk when her tongue pushed into his ear. His moan brought a wicked laugh from her in response. He slowly moved his hands down her body. 

His lips found her neck finally removing the incredible distraction of her tongue. One hand slipped over her hips to cup her ass gently. Jack's other hand tickled the skin not covered by her short shirt.

Terri gasped as his fingertips delivered incredibly delicious sensations. The circles he was gently tracing made her arch back. Her chest rose up and Jack got his first glimpse of the underside of her bra. The hand playing along her spine slipped down over her ass cupping the cheek in his palm. He began squeezing and massaging, pulling her open. Jack imagined her naked, each pull exposing her.

Terri dove for Jack's mouth kissing him deeply. He seemed to let her mouth take control, his mind concentrating on another part of her. Her tongue explored his lips and mouth. She peeked at him seeing his eyes closed. The look of concentration on his face was intense. She traced a line between his furrowed brows.

With one hand he let his fingers run firmly along the split of her ass over her shorts as the other dipped farther between her legs. Terri's shorts were soaked. The wet material felt almost like raw leather as he traced her pussy with a fingertip. She moaned at the pressure of his hand. The grind of her hips jumped and intensified. 

His hands moved back to manipulating her ass. Jack met her kisses, sucking her lip and then her tongue into his mouth. His grasping was pulling her shorts deeper into the crack of her ass and tighter against her pussy. The massage not only moved her hips but also pulled at the lips of her pussy and began moving her clit. Four tight little, 'ah's' clipped short at the, h, came from her mouth as a small orgasm rocked her. She moaned contentedly into his chest.

Terri's head was buried in his chest. Her hands were gripping his shoulders knuckles white with the effort. He moved to hold her running his hand through her hair. His fingers drew lightly against the skin along her hairline. She shivered. Jack didn't want to let her come down completely. He also didn't want her looking at him for the moment. Her orgasm had been an incredible surprise. He could not make the smile go away. 

Terri nuzzled his chest kissing the skin over his sternum. His fingers were starting to rouse her from a momentary languor. She started to tease him, growling and biting his chest. Jack wasn't having it. Maybe another time, he told himself - definitely. He pulled her up bringing her face to his. When they kissed it was nothing but teeth. Neither of them could break the smile that soon turned into laughter. 

"What do you say we call this even and you give me some of this?" Terri reached down to pat Jack's cock. The pat turned into a rub after her hand rested on him for a moment. To emphasize her point she reached for his belt. He stopped her.

"No. I came here for one reason and your previous experience aside we still haven't done it. I haven't started stripping you yet and you're all over my cock. Isn't that just like a woman?" He moved her hands from his waist. Terri rolled over on her back locking her arms stiffly to her sides and her legs tightly shut.

"All right punk, do your worst. But know this, you will be naked before the end of the evening. ...And you'll like it." She turned her face away from him. 

Jack used it to his advantage. He dipped his lips into the valley of her neck and shoulders. Terri's limbs relaxed of their own accord and in a moment the fingers of one hand were running over his hair. 

Terri felt him slide atop her again. He surprised her with another quick roll bringing her back to the dominant position. She let him move her neck, lips and head to his mouth. Her breathing was beginning to quicken. Each time Jack found a more sensitive spot she rewarded him with a moan or gasp. 
