 Over the years, experience has taught me that by and large, men are visual creatures first and foremost. They notice things that appeal to them. Take automobiles for example, such as one of my favorites, the 1994 Dodge Viper. 

The visual appeal of the body styling, at least for me, is gorgeous! It's curves are gentle, sweeping and intentional. The lines are clean as they mold into the curves. The texture of the skin of the car is pleasing to the touch as you run your hand along the curves and lines taking in the sheer beauty of the machine. Beyond the styling, is the sheer power which lies under the hood. But, you have to look beyond the curves, lines, and textures to truly understand the raw force that lurks within. When you put all of those components together, you stand back and admire it and ache to handle it. 

I use the above analogy only as a platform from which to explain the mind of a man and how he uses his senses in ways that perhaps some women do not fully understand the way men see things. Likewise, women have senses that sometimes need to be explained in ways to men so he fully understands her. 

With this in mind, I focus on the Curves, Lines, and Textures of a lover. My lover stands before me in all her glory. Her hair cascading over her shoulders. Her face so beautiful. Her mind filled with adventure. 

Admiring her curves. Shoulders, straight and strong falling down her arms to her hands. Carefully manicured fingertips showing the care she takes to prepare herself. Her torso, as it slopes inward down to her waist, then flares at her hips sweeping in and down her thighs, to her calves, and finally to her feet and toes. 

Turning to the side, her back curves from her neck, down her back then in at the waist only to once again flare out as the line traces her soft ass, tucking in and following down her long legs. Continuing from the side, her chin sweeps to her neck, down her chest as my eye follows the line on her breast as it gently slopes forward, cresting at her stiffened nipple, then bends under and traces her tear drop breast down her belly to the gentle swell of her pussy and down the her thighs to her feet. My visual senses are racing, my desire burns hot. I inhale and enjoy the beauty.

I move to her and hands caress her neck. Down they slide to her shoulders then to her arms, following the lines to her hands and our fingers intertwine, palm to palm. I draw her close, and kiss her softly at first but then intensifies into deep passionate kisses.

I release her hands, and stand behind her. My hands rub her back, soft and smooth. They slide down her arms onto her sides and follow the lines of her figure to her waist. The texture to my hands are soothing. My arms slip around her, and my hands sweep up her belly causing chills to her skin. Leaning from behind, her silky hair in my face as I kiss her neck causing her to tremble and breath harder. 

Hands slide higher over her belly and her head falls back against me as hands reach the bottom of her tear drop breasts. Slowly I trace along the lobes of her breasts enjoying the curves, lines, and texture of her warm flesh. Sliding up over her breast, my fingers touch her now stiffened nipples which are gently massaged. She gasps as her aching nipples are rubbed with the palms of my hands, knowing full well that this sends pulses straight to her needy pussy causing her juices to begin flowing.

I grab handfuls of soft breasts and massage them. My lover turns her head to me and says, "Oh god baby...you are driving me crazy!" 

I respond by kissing her mouth. "My dear, this is just the start. Prepare for a long ride. I am not only going to enjoy your curves, lines, and textures, I am going to dive deep into your sexual mind and extract every drop of performance I can from you!"

Her body shivers at the words I spoke to her and I can only imagine what she was thinking. Suffice to say, she is going to enjoy this ride...literally.

Still behind her and with my hands full of her supple breasts, I let my right hand release the right breast and slide down her belly. The skin is soft and warm to the touch. With slow movements my hand makes its way past her navel to rest at the top of her mound where I massage the crest of her mound much like I massaged her breast. 

I leaned to speak into her ear, "Lift your leg darling onto the chair." Obediently, she moaned and raised her left leg and placed it on the chair. 

My right hand slides over her mound to her outer lips that are warm, supple, and already damp. I take the outer lips between my thumb and finger and rub them together. My lover lays her head on my shoulder and with a deep sigh says, "Oh baby, that feels good. You have no idea how on fire you are making me." 

I kissed her neck and said, "Yes darling, I know what it does to you to have your breasts and nipples rubbed and your tender pussy lips massaged." 

Moaning she replied, "Do more lover! Don't stop."

Her beckons for more fueled my lust. Massaging her outer pussy lips was causing her to squirm. I asked, "Does my baby need more?" 

"Yes! More," she replied.

"Tell me then lover, what more do you want?" I ask.

With eagerness in her voice, she replied, "Spread my pussy lips and finger fuck it baby. Shove your fingers in my pussy like you would your cock baby." Her words fueled my desire.

My left hand rolled her left nipple which had become very extended and stiff. Not to disappoint her, I spread her now dripping pussy lips apart and my finger wiped up and down her pink slit. Moans and groans escaped her lips. I dipped my middle finger into the warm depths of her pussy and coated it with her juice. Slowly I wiped up her inner pussy lips making them glisten. 

I slide my middle finger into her pussy, but this time, deeper causing her to arch her back and groan louder. The texture of her pussy was indescribable as I stirred my finger in her wetness. 

I pushed my fingers deeper into her sweetness and massaged the inner walls of her vagina causing her to groan even louder. Without warning, I felt her hand grab mine. I pulled out my finger and said, "Come on baby. Help me finger fuck your pussy." Together, we inserted our middle fingers into the hot depth. I cannot explain in words the feeling of doing this with her. They fail to describe the incredible feeling of my finger and my lover's finger inside her pussy. It was exhilarating and erotic.

With our fingers deep in her pussy I asked, "How sweet is my lover's pussy?" 

"Let's see baby" she replied.

Together, we pulled our nectar soaked fingers from her pussy. I raised my finger to her mouth and she sucked it in. She reciprocated and raised her finger to my mouth and I sucked it in. Our tongues licked and suckled the nectar. Smacking and sucking noises filled the room. I pulled my finger out of her mouth and she out of my mouth. She turned and we kissed deep enjoying her nectar. Tongues touching. Juices mixing in a cocktail of lust.

I needed more, and I am confident she did as well. Our kiss broke, and I whispered in her ear, "Now it is time for my lover to show me her performance and cum for me." 

I was not disappointed when she replied, "Yes baby. I want to show you how I cum. I want to show you how I cum hard when you are not here, and I lay in the bed, looking at your pictures you send to me and read your lustful words of passion you send to me. Your face, your swollen cock pics you send to me and how I imagine you are here, fucking me."

Smiling, I lowered my hand to her pussy again. "Reach down lover, rub your clit while I finger fuck your hot pussy." With eagerness, she dropped her hand, and began assaulting her swollen clit. My finger slide into her pussy slit and started a rhythmic stroking in and out. I released my left hand fingers on her nipple and wrapped my arm around her waist in anticipation of holding on to her when she climaxed.

"Finger your clit baby, just like you do when you masturbate and think of us fucking." I said.

Moans and groans came from her open mouth. I slid two fingers in and was jacking them in and out, slamming against her pussy. 

"Faster baby, I know you are ready to cum. I feel your pussy getting tighter! Your pussy walls are quivering. Finger your clit harder and faster!" I ordered her.

Within moments, her body stiffened as she arched her back, threw her head onto my shoulders and she gasped air. My left arm held her tight as her orgasm started. 

Crying out she exclaimed, "Oh FUCK baby, I am cumming. Finger fuck my pussy baby! FFFUUUUCCCCKKK!!" 

"Cum baby, CUM hard for me," I said loudly! 

"Oh god baby, FUCK! Finger fuck it harder baby!" she cried out. 

I rammed her pussy harder as she furiously worked her clit. Finally her orgasm swept her with wave after wave of pleasure. I shoved my fingers in and held them in place and lifted causing her to raise onto her toes. My hand lifted her up and I held her as she soared in orgasmic flight!

Moments passed as she climaxed, then slowly, she lowered herself and let her down. I slide my pussy soaked fingers out. My hand slick with her pussy nectar. My lover slumped forward and exhaled deeply. I slide my wet hand up to her right breast and I coated her nipple with her juice. I turned her around, and took her right lobe in hand and sucked and licked her nipple and tit clean.

"Oh god baby, you are driving me crazy!" she said. 

I popped her nipple out and replied, "Wonderful lover. I like the way you perform. Impressive. Sweet. Juicy. Makes me wonder how you more you can perform." 

Grinning at me she said, "Let me show you!"

I sat down in the chair we had used and my lover excused herself to the other room. I will say, her words, "Let me show you" sent chills throughout my body and caused my mind to race with anticipation as to what performance she had in mind. 

As she plotted her next move, my mind drifted. Tactile contact is very important to me, and I suspect for all men. If you ever notice men when they are looking at automobiles, they HAVE to touch the skin of the car and run their hand across it. This contact makes them feel one with the machine and it causes a feeling of pleasure. The silky finish on the 1994 Viper is a prime example. I enjoy the feeling of my hands and fingers touching the skin and rubbing across the surface. Cool to the touch at first, but warm and even hot after the machine performs. As you stroke the skin, your mind aches to know the performance and power the machine possesses, and until you actually take it in hand, and engage with it, you never know. But, when you do, the power and pleasure are exhilarating.

I reflected on what had just happened with my lover and all of the components of Curves, Lines, and Textures came together for a wonderful experience. Her curves captured my eyes. Her lines were fluid and strong. Her textures, well suffice to say, were divine. My hands enjoyed the softness of her skin, the stiffness of her nipples and the bumps around her areolas. The texture of her mouth and tongue, sweet and inviting. The texture of her pussy lips, soft, supple, responsive. The viscosity (the state of being thick, sticky due to internal friction) of her juicy pussy...words escape me! And finally, the feeling of her pussy quivering and contracting with excitement as she climaxed. Oh the feeling of her orgasm, knowing her mind, body and soul were at full throttle as she raced to the mountain top of orgasmic achievement. I smiled.

I heard a noise and felt my lover touch my back. My mind snapped back from its musings.

"You seem in deep thought baby." she said while leaning over my shoulder and whispering into my ear. 

Smiling, I replied, "Oh, I was thinking about curves, lines, and textures and how you have all of those and more." 

"Curves, lines, and textures?" she said with a puzzled look on her face.

"Yes lover. It is a lengthy topic and one we do not need to dive into at this time. Right now, it is you and me, and that is where our focus should be. I will tell you all about it another time. Deal?" 

"Deal!" she said.

"Now, as I recall, someone was going to 'show' me something. I wonder what that is", I commented.

"Close your eyes baby. I have something special for you." 

I closed my eyes, and felt her hand rub around my neck as she walked around me. Her hand released my neck as she walked away from me.

"Open your eyes baby." I opened my eyes and standing in front of me was my lover. She had adorned herself in a white lace bra, and white thigh high hose and no panties! I inhaled deeply. My lover knew exactly how to present herself to me and to appeal to my visual senses. 

Standing turned slightly to the right side, her arms raised above her head, and her left foot turned inward. My eyes feasted on this woman and my mind ravished her.

"Sweet gorgeous darling. Your beauty is beyond description, your body beyond words, your passion beyond comprehension!" I muttered. The lace garments accented her already glowing assets and caused me to think naughty thoughts.

"You asked me how well I could perform baby. I want you to sit back, relax and enjoy." she said. 

What was I to do but to smiled and what with great anticipation. Slowly my lover started moving in erotic fashion. My eyes were affixed to her. Her movements were intentional. Each movement calculated to invoke primal feelings in me that were pushing me to take her. Her flexibility as she lowered herself into a squatting position, legs spread in front of me then leaning back on one hand and with the other hand rubbing her pussy lips. Her eyes were filled with lust...nothing but pure lust. 

She stood and swayed her hips as if she were sitting on my lap working my cock. Turning around, she looked over her shoulder, smiled at me, and bent forward presenting her fine ass to me. 

Looking back at me again she asked, "Does my baby like that view?" I smiled and moaned. 

She bent over more, and reached between her legs, and rubbed her puffy pussy lips then spread them for me to admire her inner pink. Her finger slid into the wet depths of her pussy and finger fucked it while I watched. My heart raced, and my cock swelled!

The moans and groans coming from her mouth were primal. My lover's sweet pussy was wet and juicy, just the way I liked it. She pulled her finger out, looked back at me, then sucked it clean. My mind raced. 

"Does baby want a taste?" she asked. All I could do was moan and nod my head. 

Moving closer to me, she bent over and fingered her pussy again. Slowly she pulled her long finger out, glistening with pussy nectar and walked to me, straddled my lap and inserted her wet finger in my mouth and I sucked it in. The texture of her long finger with the dripping nectar was good. "Mmmmm baby...so good, and so slick."

Leaning in and whispering in to my ear, my lover said, "Baby, you made me so fucking horny when you finger fucked my pussy and made me cum. Now baby, I want your cock in my pussy so I can ride and fuck it until you spray your cum deep in my pussy." My heart raced, and my mind shifted into 6th gear. 

"Enjoy the ride, lover," I replied.

She reached between her legs and took my swollen, pre-cum oozing cock in hand, and guided it to her wet slit. Slowly she rubbed the head across her pussy lips, and positioned it at the opening and stuck the head in. Releasing my cock, she then grabbed my shoulders with both hands, and lowered herself down. 

"Oh baby...that feels so fucking fine!" I said. 

"Good baby, my pussy aches to fuck your hard cock." she replied. 

Slowly my cock slid into her wet depths until she bottomed out. Resting on my legs, she said, "I will enjoy this ride baby," and she started gyrating her hips. I felt my cock bend and twist as she shifted into a faster motion. My hands went around her waist to hold her close. With back and forth movements, she was working my cock over and teasing her clit. Back and forth she worked. My hands rubbed up her soft and silky back. I reached her head, and grabbed her hair, and pulled her head back. Her mouth opened gasping air. 

"Fuck it more baby!" I commanded her and released her hair. 

She leaned forward and started raising herself up and down on my cock. "Oh fuck baby, your cock is filling me so good." 

"Fuck it harder lover," I responded with intensity in my voice. With that command, she started raise and lowering on my upraised shaft fucking it ever so hard, slamming down on my lap with her downward thrusts. Up, down, up down, over and over. I reached around her ass cheeks and grabbed them and helped her as she fucked my cock.

Moans and groans blurted from her mouth as she fucked it. The suction noises of her pussy deep throating my dick were music. Sucking it in, then slurping it out. Her pussy was on fire and my cock was burning to explode. 

"Cum baby", I said to her, "CUM for me now!" 

Whimpers of lust flowed from her lips, "Oh FUCK baby, I am going to CUM, Fuck me harder and deeper, Fuck me baby, FUCK me, fuck my horny pussy baby." 

Like a tidal wave, she came hard. "I am CUMMING baby, oh god I am cummmingggggg." 

I grabbed her hips and slammed her down shoving my swollen cock as far in as I could. Her orgasm came hard and her tight pussy contracted and convulsed on my cock. I concentrated and felt the pulsations on my shaft. 

"Cum in me baby, squirt your cum in my pussy baby! Empty it in my pussy, NOW!" she cried out.

I raised my hips, forcing my cock deeper when my cock flinched and a river of white cum exploded from the head spraying deep in her pussy. 

"FUCCCKKKK lover, take my cum NOW! Feel it spurt deep in your sweet pussy." I felt my cock blow load after load into her hot pussy causing her to squirm accepting it. 

"My god baby, I feel it! Your hot, wet, slick cum coating my walls. Fuck it in more baby." 

I started fucking my cock in and out of her pussy as she reached between her legs and started masturbating her clit to another orgasm.

"Oh baby, you are going to make me CUM againnnnn!" 

I met her orgasm with more pumps as we fucked with fury. Whimpers, moans and groans were all she could mutter, as she pulled her finger away from her clit and slumped over me.

I held her close as her body continued to convulse from the passion. Such sweet whimpers and moans. I rubbed her back and legs. Droplets of sweat were on her back telling me she worked hard. My cock softened and fell from her fresh pussy. Cum oozed from the mouth of her pussy and dripped on my cock. 

Raising herself, my lover said, "How was my performance baby?" 

I kissed her and said, "It was more than I imagined, and I look forward to more." 

She smiled, sighed and asked, "Now, about our deal...what is Curves, Lines, and Textures?" 

I replied, "Simple darling. It is you!"