 INTRODUCTION & DISCLAIMER - Set in the Australian city of Geelong, Victoria in 1994, this is the sexy story of what happens when Chloe Connors, one of Australia's most talented young actresses and a star of a popular soap opera goes to stay with her relatives for the long weekend, much to the delight of the family's lodger, Jason.

All events and people in this story are entirely fictional, and any similarity to real people living or dead coincidental and unintentional. Only characters aged 18 and over engage in sexual activity. Please note for North American readers unfamiliar with Australian sexual slang, the expression fanny is used for vagina on several occasions. Please enjoy my latest submission.

*****

"How the hell am I supposed to know what type of knickers Chloe wears?" 

Jason Jones could see that the patience of his best friend Alex Connors was being sorely tested by the never ending questions of their two friends, twin brothers Luke and Liam Liston. Luke and Liam, completely identical apart from Luke being left handed and Liam right, were completely harmless but not the brightest people in Australia. The two tall, lanky, red-haired young men who like Alex and Jason were aged 19, as usual failed to pick up the clues that Alex was tired of being bombarded with dumb questions. But then again, Luke and Liam held the record for asking dumb questions at the agricultural supplies warehouse in Geelong where they, Alex and Jason were employed.

"But you're Chloe's cousin," Luke pointed out. 

"Yeah," confirmed Liam. "Does she wear like G-string knickers, or bikini-style knickers, or those big 'granny panties' style knickers? You must have some idea."

"Guys, I don't go through Chloe's underwear drawer to see what type of knickers she wears," sighed Alex. "She's my cousin; that would be weird and sick, not to mention an invasion of her privacy."

"I wish Chloe Connors was my cousin," said Luke.

"Yeah, I wish she was my cousin too," agreed Liam, completely unaware that if Chloe was Luke's cousin, she would also be his cousin too, and given that their interest in the girl was not exactly platonic, it would be most inappropriate.

Jason and Alex exchanged exasperated glances and a shook their heads. Liam and Luke were very excited about the arrival of Chloe Connors, Alex's 18-year-old cousin, for a Connors family reunion over the Easter long weekend. Chloe lived with her parents and younger brother in Melbourne and was a petite and stunningly attractive brunette, with big brown eyes. This would have excited Liam and Luke enough, but Chloe was not just any pretty girl, she was famous.

Showing talent in acting, singing and dancing from a young age, Chloe had made her first appearance on the small screen in television commercials. In 1991 and then aged 15 Chloe had landed a role on the popular Australian soap opera 'Sea Breeze'. Chloe's character on the show – Lauren – had won the hearts of viewers across the country and led to other roles in the three years since then. Chloe had played the guest role of a troubled teenager in a police drama and a movie role as a young woman in Colonial era Sydney. Given the popularity of the Australian soap opera in Britain, Chloe had had a role in an English murder mystery telemovie, playing an Australian backpacker. She had also been in an American horror movie, playing an Australian exchange student who was killed by a monster. The American horror film had been a commercial and critical failure, some critics describing it as one of the worst films ever made, but nonetheless had delivered Chloe a Hollywood role at a young age, something that many actors never achieve. At present Chloe, a month away from her turning 19, was on a busy schedule, combining her filming commitments for the soap opera and performing on stage in musical theatre in Melbourne, along with starring in a movie set and filmed on Queensland's Gold Coast and around Brisbane. 

"I'm glad Chloe was okay after being bitten by that snake," said Luke.

"Yeah, I was real worried about her," agreed Liam.

Jason and Alex could not contain their disbelief and amusement. "Guys, you know that was fiction, don't you?" Alex asked.

"Huh?" asked Liam, his face very confused.

"It was make believe," said Alex. "Chloe's character on the soap opera that she plays – Lauren – was bitten by the snake. Chloe was never bitten by a snake. It was just pretend. Understand?"

Liam and Luke stared at Jason as if seeking a counter argument to Alex's assertions. Trying to keep a straight face, Jason said to them, "Alex is right, what you saw on television it never actually happened."

The twins did not seem all that convinced, but shrugged their shoulders. "I didn't think you threw up after getting bitten by a snake," said Liam, thinking about how Chloe's soap opera character was vomiting profusely after the snake bite.

"Yeah, how did Chloe make it look like she was throwing up so much?" mused Luke. "I'm sure Chloe doesn't vomit in real life."

"Oh believe me, she does throw up," said Alex. "I should know."

"Really?" exclaimed Luke.

"Yeah, how?" asked Liam.

"When we were about 13, our families were on holidays driving along the Great Ocean Road and Chloe was having car sickness problems," said Alex. "My aunty had to give Chloe a bucket, and she was sitting next to me throwing up in it all day. So yeah, Chloe does vomit."

"Cool!" exclaimed Luke.

"So, what color was the bucket?" Liam asked.

Without thinking, Alex began to answer. "Well, it was light blue, not sky blue more like the color of an Air Force uniform..." before he stopped as he realized how absurd the question was. "What fucking difference does it make what color the bucket was?" He shook his head in despair. 

"I still can't believe I'm going to meet Chloe Connors," said Luke.

"Me either," conferred his twin. Liam turned to Jason. "You're so lucky Jason, you'll be living at the same house as Chloe Connors for four days."

"Yeah, I wish I was you," said Luke. "Can we stay with you?"

Alex's parents' house had a granny flat out the back, where Alex's paternal grandfather had lived until he unexpectedly found love again with a widow who lived in a retirement home, married her and moved there. So Jason now rented the small granny flat, which was good because he got to spend more time with his best friend and Alex's parents were nice. It was sure better than living at home with his authoritarian mother and idiot brother. The only downside of living there was Alex's bitchy, gothic 18-year-old sister Rachel.

"So, Chloe must be getting here soon," said Liam, looking at his watch. "What time is she getting here?"

"How is she getting here?" Luke wanted to know.

Alex sighed, running his hand through his brown hair. "What do you mean, how is Chloe getting here?"

"I mean, is she coming in a limousine or a private plane or in a helicopter?" Luke asked.

"Chloe's mode of transportation will be by a car," said Alex. "It is an ordinary family car with four wheels owned by her parents, driven by her father with her mother in the passenger seat and Chloe and her younger brother Chris in the back."

"So, no helicopter, no private jet and no limousine?" asked Liam. He looked disappointed.

"No," said Alex firmly. "I've been through this before with you two, but I'll go through it again. Chloe may be an actress, but she and her family like to keep a low profile and live a simple life. Chloe is a very nice girl, has her feet firmly on the ground, and she likes everyone to treat her like a regular person."

"Oh," said Luke. "So, will she be here soon?"

"Too soon if you ask me," said a young female voice, the four young men turning to see Rachel enter the room. Her long black hair hung down loose over her shoulders, and she wore an over-sized black jacket and a long black skirt. Her miserable face painted with white foundation, black eye-shadow and dark red lipstick showed that she found no joy in life. However, one look at Rachel's oversized bottom gave away the fact that the girl enjoyed at least one thing in life – indulging in high kilojoule foods. 

If Liam and Luke were hopelessly star-struck at the thought of meeting Chloe, Rachel was quite the opposite of this. While as Chloe and Rachel were cousins it was understandable that she would not be star-struck, Rachel had it set in her mind that her famous cousin staying over the Easter long weekend was the worst thing ever.

"So, what's the problem now?" Alex asked his sister.

"I can't believe that I am being forced to share my bedroom with Chloe," said Rachel indignantly.

Alex shrugged. "So what? It's for four days and its' not like it happens all the time, is it?"

Rachel snorted with derision. "Yes, little Princess Chloe couldn't be subjected to being taken out of Melbourne and into the wilds of Country Victoria to visit her peasant relatives in Geelong too often, could she?"

Jason shook his head. First contrary Rachel was complaining about Chloe visiting, now she was complaining that she didn't visit more often. Typical Rachel.

Alex likewise sighed in frustration. "You don't hear me complaining about sharing a bedroom with Chris, do you?"

Rachel glowered at her brother. "Yeah, but Chris isn't famous. Am I supposed to be a maid to that diva all weekend? Or am I expected to curtsey to her, and kiss Chloe's feet when she arrives?"

Alex sighed. "Rachel, you know Chloe isn't a diva. She's very down to earth."

"Yeah, it's all an act," said Rachel. "She wants everybody to like her, so she acts all sweet and nice and humble. But really, she thinks she's better than everyone else."

"There's never any pleasing you, is there Rachel?" Alex asked.

"She'd better not go through my stuff," said Rachel.

"I really don't think Chloe is interested in going through your things, Rachel," asserted Alex.

"And we had better not be forced to watch that awful American movie she was in," said Rachel. "I still can't believe my cousin was in that piece of crap."

"Yes Rachel, because all of the Hollywood movies you've been in have been classics of American cinema," said Alex, his sister glaring at him. "Anyway, Chloe tends to be self-conscious about watching anything she's acting in."

"And of course, even if I wanted to watch the movie this weekend I couldn't because it would upset precious little Chloe," said Rachel, contrary as ever.

"I really liked Chloe's American movie," said Liam.

"Yeah, me too," agreed Luke.

Mean-spirited Rachel glared at the twins. "Yeah, you two morons would. The only good thing about it was that Chloe's character was killed and eaten by a monster. I wish one of the monsters would pay a visit to Geelong this weekend."

"There was a fat chick in that movie that looked like you," said Luke.

"Yeah, she was this really fat chick," said Liam.

"Excuse me?" demanded Rachel, her face filling with anger.

"Yeah, there was a girl in the movie who looked like you, and she was really fat like you too," said Luke. "One of the monsters jumped out of the shower and killed and ate her while she was on the toilet."

Alex and Jason suppressed laughter at dim-witted Liam and Luke not thinking that Rachel would be offended by being compared to a 'fat chick' they had seen in a movie. Her furious glare did not tip the pair off that she did not appreciate their comments, so they kept right on talking.

"I don't think a monster would attack you when you when you were on the toilet Rachel," Luke assured the most-unimpressed Gothic teenager. "I went in the toilet to take a piss after you'd been to the loo last weekend, and I nearly threw up because of the smell you left behind you. Did you have diarrhea?"

"Yeah Rachel, I was here another time when you went to the loo, and I could hear you farting on the toilet all the way up the hallway," said Liam. "I've never heard anyone fart as loud as you, Rachel. So I don't think a monster would be brave enough to bother you when you're on the toilet."

"You are both a pair of dickheads," snapped Rachel, trembling with indignation. "Stay the fuck out of my way, unless you want black eyes." The severely offended Rachel made her way out of the room, her fat bottom wobbling from side to side in her skirt. 

"I think you caused offense my sister," said Alex, pleased that the clueless pair had got under her skin.

"Well we know Rachel goes to the toilet," said Luke. "So, does Chloe go to the toilet?"

"I think I'm going to go insane," said Alex at the latest dumb question. "Look you two, do not talk about weird things like that when Chloe and her family arrive, okay? I'm starting to regret letting you stay to meet her now, but if I didn't you'll probably be sneaking around with binoculars and a camera, frightening Chloe, pissing off Mum and Dad and getting yourselves arrested for stalking or loitering."

"We won't do or say anything dumb," promised Luke.

"If only I believed that," said Alex. "This is how it works. When Chloe arrives, you say hello and introduce yourselves, say you are fans of the soap opera, politely ask for her autograph and then leave. No strange questions that will scare her, no dumb comments, no acting crazy. You got that?"

"Yeah, we'll be good," said Liam. He exchanged a high five with his twin. "We're going to get Chloe Connors' autograph!"

Alex shook his head, while Jason walked out to his small flat, laughing to himself about the antics of the star-struck Liam and Luke. But while the twins were unable to conceal their excitement at meeting a pretty teenage celebrity, Jason inside was just as excited but able to conceal it better.

Alone in his lodgings – a combined bedroom and living room with an adjoining bathroom – Jason repeated to himself over and over again, "I'm going to meet Chloe Connors, I'm going to meet Chloe Connors ..." Jason for the fourth time that day brushed his teeth and gargled with mouth-wash. He applied more deodorant to under his arms, and brushed his blonde hair in the mirror for about the sixth time. He lifted his tee-shirt and checked his muscles, feeling around his stomach to make sure there was no fat, despite the fact that Jason was fit from working out at the gym, playing football in winter and cricket in summer and had no body fat at all. He looked at his clothes to make sure they were clean and tidy and returned to the main house, butterflies of anticipation fluttering in his stomach.

The anticipation continued for the next half an hour or so until a car pulled into the driveway, causing the Connors' family dog to bark. Liam and Luke looked at each other, breathing heavily in anticipation. "Don't go rushing out there," Alex warned the pair.

Jason followed Alex as his friend went with his parents and sister to greet his aunt, uncle and cousins. Rachel also joined them, but only at the insistence of her mother, and her facial expression made it clear that doing so caused her great personal sufferance. 

The families greeted each other, Jason hanging back observing, feeling slightly light headed and dizzy with excitement as the petite figure of Chloe Connors entered the house behind her parents. The beautiful and petite brunette, scarcely five feet tall with the build of a willow branch had her long hair tied back in a pony-tail. The teenager's pretty face was accentuated by her cute brown eyes and her polite smile as she greeted her relatives. Dressed in a pink baby-doll dress, white sneakers and white ankle socks, Chloe could have been any pretty girl walking down Geelong's main street, but she wasn't – she was famous. Jason told himself to calm down – she was just another person - but it was no use as the young man felt his heart racing and sweat forming on his brow and his palms.

Behind Chloe was her younger brother Chris, and in size he could not be more different than his older sister. He stood at about six feet four, and had a broad, muscular frame, amazing for a boy of just 16-years-old.

With the Connors family having greeted each other, Rachel again making it clear that she did not want her aunt, uncle and cousins here for the weekend, Alex said, "This is my friend Jason Jones. Jason, I'd like you to meet my Aunty Helen, my Uncle Richard and my cousins Chloe and Chris."

"Hi, it's nice to meet you all," said Jason, shaking hands first with Chloe's parents and then her brother, Jason feeling how strong Chris's grip was, but as he extended his hand to Chloe, Jason felt like he might throw up or pass out from nerves, the young man repeating over and over in his mind, 'Don't do or say anything stupid'.

"Pleased to meet you, Chloe," said Jason, trying not to sound nervous.

"And I'm pleased to meet you too Jason," said Chloe, returning his handshake.

Feeling the soft skin of Chloe's petite hand in his own, Jason could not help but repeat over and over in his mind, 'Chloe Connors spoke to me, and I shook hands with her.'

Chloe turned to the back of the room, where Liam and Luke sat staring at her unmoving, as though hypnotized or stunned. "Hello," Chloe said to them, giving the two young men a friendly wave.

Liam and Luke continued to sit there, unresponsive and unblinking. Alex stepped in. "Chloe, I'd like you to meet Liam and Luke. They're friends of me and Jason."

"I don't think I'll ever be able to tell you apart," said Chloe as she extended her hand towards the twins, who ignored the gesture, continuing to stare at her as though catatonic.

Chloe cast a puzzled glance towards Alex, before Liam blurted out, "Football!"

"I'm sorry?" asked the confused Chloe.

"Do you like football?" said Liam.

"Yes, I do like football," said Chloe. "I go to a game whenever I get a chance, I'm a huge fan of the Lions. Do you like football?"

Luke found his voice. "Liam and Luke like football," he asserted.

Chloe seemed a little perturbed by Luke talking about himself in the third person and failing to answer a simple question, but maintained politeness. "You know who is really good at football? My big little brother Chris. He's in the Victorian 16 squad, and he's going to Adelaide and Perth for games against South Australia and Western Australia. I'm so proud of him being such a football champion."

Modesty seemed to run in the family, Chris blushing at his sister's praise. "Oh, I'm not a football champion," the teenager said, blushing. Like Chloe before him, Chris attempted to shake hands with Luke and Liam, but the two were so star-struck by Chloe that they did not return the gesture.

"So Perth?" Liam asked.

Chris nodded. "Yes, the game is in July."

Luke turned to Chloe. "I remember you went to Perth, doing that special episode of your TV show."

"Yeah, and you went to that island off Perth where they have those little kangaroos," said Liam.

Chloe nodded. "Yes, I liked Perth when I went there. That island you mentioned is Rottnest Island, and the small kangaroo-like animals are called quokkas. They're so cute."

"I remember you petting one on the show," said Liam.

"Yeah, you were wearing a pink tee-shirt, pink shorts and a white cap," said Luke.

Chloe frowned, a little perturbed that this young man remembered exactly what she was wearing on an episode of her soap opera several months earlier. The star-struck Liam and Luke stared back at her blankly making Chloe feel uncomfortable, before Luke grabbed two sheets of paper and a pen, thrusting them at Chloe. "Autograph," he blurted.

Chloe looked taken aback, and it was Alex who had to step in and break the tension.

"Chloe, Liam and Luke are big fans of 'Sea Breeze'" Alex explained. "They were hoping that they could get your autograph. I hope you don't mind?"

Chloe smiled, making her even prettier than usual and said graciously. "Yes of course, I'm happy to." She turned to Liam and Luke. "I'm pleased to hear you like the show so much." Liam and Luke said nothing, just grinning vacantly at Chloe.
