 I had just got myself a pair of husky pups to keep me company whilst I got settled in my new town – I had just got a new job and didn't know many people yet, so some canine companionship was nice to come home to at the end of the day. Not having anyone to ask, I had picked a vet at random from the phone book, so I was a little bit anxious as I walked them up to the surgery to get their shots.

I relaxed a little bit once I got inside, the receptionist was really friendly and the place seemed clean and orderly. I sat down and watched the pups trying to make friends with an elderly Labrador. They were being really cute and I lost track of time, so it took me a few seconds to realise that someone was calling our names out.

I hauled them back in and followed the pretty young vet. tech. into the surgery. Predictably one of the pups tried to sniff at her crotch as she was showing us in, so I was preoccupied with trying to drag him away as the vet thanked the girl and pushed the door closed as she walked out.

"So these must be...Chiron and Demetrius?" he asked. "Unusual names for dogs."

"Oh...yeah," I stammered, "Well, they're from Shakespeare. I don't suppose you..." I looked up into a pair of piercing blue eyes. "...would know too much about that." I finished finally. He was gorgeous. Curly hair, neatly trimmed beard and a wry grin as he answered me.

"Oh, you'd be surprised."

"Uh..." I hesitated, totally flustered.

"So what can we do for you boys today then?"

Boys? Now I was totally confused. He must have noticed as he gestured towards Chiron and Demetrius.

"Oh, right. Um, they just need their shots, and a check up I guess. I've only had them for a couple of weeks." Damn, I wasn't normally this distracted, but it had been a while. I could even start to feel a little tingling in my pussy.

Trying to take my mind off my growing arousal, I bent down and grabbed Chiron to put him on the table. Unfortunately the vet went to pick up Demetrius at the exact same moment, and we only narrowly avoided bumping heads.

"Oops," he muttered, and I looked up to see those marvellous eyes looking straight...down my shirt. Oh shit...why had I worn such a low cut top that day. I normally wouldn't mind a guy checking out my natural 32FFs, but I struggled to find anything arousing about a trip to the vet. Until I came across this particular vet of course.

We placed the pups on the table, and he turned away to prepare the shots. I struggled to breathe normally and regain control. I looked down and realised that my nipples were practically poking a hole through my shirt, they were so stiff. So much for regaining control, I thought. I hadn't felt lust like this in a long time.

"Could you just hold him down for me? They normally put up a bit of a fight."

"What? Oh, sure, sorry." Lost in a lusty daydream again...I obligingly held down Demetrius as the vet approached with the needle. Demetrius lay dead still as it went in, and the vet slowly, deliberately brushed my hand with his as he pulled away, catching my eye as he did so. It would have been better if he hadn't been wearing latex gloves but it still sent electric shocks right through me, and I was starting to get seriously wet.

'He must know what he's doing,' I thought, wondering excitedly what might happen next. His roguish smile as he asked me to hold down Chiron only confirmed my suspicions, as did the unmistakable caress of his hand on mine as he turned away to peel off the latex gloves, and not before time too!

"Have you always been a dog lover?" he asked, with a suggestive look in his eye.

"Oh yes," I said, finally getting into my role as seductress, "In fact I think I like dogs for the same reason I like men...they always do exactly what you tell them to."

I tossed my hair and started to give him a slow sexy smile, but before I could finish he grabbed hold of my wrists tightly.

"That's funny," he hissed, "because I've always like to be the one giving the orders."

He crushed his lips against mine without warning, and I could feel his tongue incessantly demanding access to my mouth. I yielded almost instantly, and melted into him with a moan as he lifted me up onto the examining table. The kiss deepened and I could feel his rock hard cock rubbing incessantly against my thigh like a dog in heat. I twined my fingers into his soft curls and gently pulled his head away from mine.

"Oh no, we can't have that. Don't worry, I'm sure you can recommend some ways to make...dogs more obedient."

His eyes were completely glazed with desire as he smiled at me, leaning in for another kiss. I pressed a finger to his lips to warn him off, grinning as he started gently sucking on it.

I started tugging on his white coat, and he must have got the right idea as he quickly struggled out of it, leaving me free to run my hands all over his body and underneath his shirt. He was skinnier than I had imagined but still sexy as hell.

He moaned and shivered a little bit as I slid my hand underneath his waistband.

"There's this one technique that I've always found really useful," I said, grappling with his belt buckle. His hands reached for my breasts as I struggled to unfasten his trousers, and once I had slid them down to his ankles I paused for a minute to guide him around to unfasten my bra.

I stood up and peeled off my shirt, allowing him to see them in their full glory, before reaching down to expose his throbbing organ. It was bigger than you might expect for such a skinny guy, and positively quivering with anticipation. I pushed him down onto the table where I had so recently been sitting myself, and bent down towards his beautiful cock.

I drew the head of it softly into my mouth, and started licking it like it was the sexiest, most delicious ice cream I had ever tasted. I started to really get into it and stuffed in as much of it as I could, not willing to be content until I could feel his balls slapping against my chin. He had his hands on my head, and as soon as I started to feel him putting more pressure on me I pulled back, wanting to prolong the fun for a little bit longer.

I released his cock with a soft popping sound, not really wanting to let it go, and stood up slowly. Immediately he grabbed me by the waist and lifted me up on top of him. I straddled him and knelt up as high as I could, pushing my breast into his face. He started licking and sucking on them, using his hands to pull up my skirt and give him access to my dripping, aching pussy. 

He moved his hands gently up my thighs and pushed my underwear to one side, caressing my folds with a firm but light touch. Clearly an expert, he was soon using those fingers of his to work me into a frenzy.

Just as I was on the verge of an earth-shattering orgasm he...stopped.

"Not just yet," he smiled, "I wouldn't want to spoil the fun."

He pulled me down towards him for a quick kiss, so now my sopping cunt was resting on his still rock hard shaft. I began to slide back and forth on it, giving him a teasing smile. He slid his hand back under my skirt and guided his cock into my tight hole, stopping tantalisingly short before sliding himself into me with one quick thrust. I gasped and he slid his hand up to continue working on my clit.

In no time at all I was bouncing on his cock like my life depended on it, and all too soon his fingers and his beautiful cock brought me to that shuddering release I had been longing for. His face contorted with the effort but he managed not to blow his load inside me as my pussy clamped down on his cock like a vice. I was a bit puzzled about why he wouldn't want us to share this ultimate pleasure together, and he laughed at me as he slid out of my well-worked gash. He nuzzled my earlobe and gently whispered,

"Don't you know there's only one way to end this properly?"

I didn't begin to understand until he lifted me off him, but realisation dawned as he slid off the table and stood behind me, squeezing my ass. He grabbed my breasts from behind and suddenly thrust into my once more, pumping fast and furious towards his own release. He came hard and fast inside me, then dropped down to rest against my back for a second, panting slightly. He pulled out of me for the final time with a slight moan, and planted another kiss on my neck.

He stood up and I pulled myself back around to a seated position, watching as he cleaned himself off before pulling his trousers back up. He handed me the box of tissues to use on myself and tucked his shirt back in, searching for his belt. I jumped off the table and rescued my cast-off bra and shirt, suddenly shy in front of this stranger. 

Now fully dressed, we stared at each other slightly embarrassed. He suddenly gestured towards Chiron and Demetrius.

"Your, uh, pups are in great condition," he began, with just a fleeting glance towards my now covered assets, "but I'll need to see them in a few weeks to give them their booster shots."

He paused a moment.

"Was there anything else you needed?"

Another couple of hundred orgasms like the one I just had, I thought to myself before replying.

"Well, now you mention it, I do have this rabbit..."

"Oh yes?"

"Yes...I'd bring him into the surgery to get checked out, but he's a bit, well, rampant."

"Oh."

"Yeah...I don't suppose...you don't do home visits by any chance do you?"

He smiled and handed me a card with a phone number written on it before showing me and my pups (and my little dogs too) out.