 CvsN 26 - Royally Fucked

Tx Tall Tales (c)

---

Ancient walls come tumbling down.

NOTE: All characters in this story are fictitious. Any names that might be similar to real names are purely accidental. Just wanted to make that clear.

---

My last full day in Spain started auspiciously, pounding my pretty little boss from behind. I thought I'd be exhausted, but I felt energized. I left Chris dozing in bed and headed down to the hotel gym, putting in 40 minutes on the treadmill and another 15, or so, on the weights.

Back upstairs, Chris had retreated to her room preparing for the day ahead. 

It was my last full day in Spain, and I realized that I didn't want to be there. I wanted to be home, with Debbie and Beth, in my own house. I'd been away long enough.

I had finished getting ready for another day of training, when I heard the knock. I instinctively turned toward the door separating our rooms, but I realized it was the front door. Looking out the peephole, I saw a slight man dressed in a suit.

"Señor Morgan?"

I removed the chain from the door, opening it wide.

"Yes?"

I was unprepared for the sudden blow to my gut, doubling me over. A large man in a poorly fitting suit stood in front of me and pushed me back into the room. He had a rod of some kind in his hand, and landed another blow across my back, the pain nearly dropping me. I staggered back, confused.

The first man, much smaller, almost slender, stepped into the room and reached down for my head, tilting my chin up.

Big mistake, since he was now between me and the big guy.

I came up fast, slamming my forearm up between his legs, and as he bent over gasping, I reached my arm around his neck, spinning him around and pulling him back with me. I had him in a choke-hold, my arm crooked around his neck.

The big guy moved forward, his baton held at the ready.

"Stop. Another step and I'll snap his neck," I warned in Spanish.

The hulk slowed, looking at me hard. His beady little eyes looked like they were having trouble comprehending my words.

I was squeezing the first guy's neck tightly, cutting off his air. A quick step backward and a drop to the ground was all it would take to snap his skinny neck like a twig. As it was, by pulling him close, his head was forced forward, nearly facing the ground.

"Turn around," I told my assailant.

He hesitated, and I released my shield's neck enough for him to breath. "Tell him."

The man gasped, drawing in a breath. "This is a mistake," he warned.

I pinched his neck tight, pulled him back and punched him in the kidney, hard. "Tell him. Last chance."

"Hazlo," he wheezed. Do it.

The big guy turned, facing the hall. "Drop the stick."

He obeyed, tossing it behind him.

"Good. Now on your knees, so we can talk in peace."

He slowly dropped to his knees, looking back at me, then turned to face the hallway.

I spun with my hostage, and lashed out with my shoe kicking the bruiser in the side of the head as hard as I could. He bounced off the wall and dropped like a rock. Thank God for hard-soled dress shoes.

I turned back to the guy who I'd been choking, and pinned him to the wall with one hand around his neck. "What is this about?" 

The color was returning to his face, and he gasped for breath. I released the pressure long enough for him to speak.

"Miss de Borbón. She's not for you."

The adrenaline was still running through me, and I was shaking. The little bastard. I shook my head, then punched him in the gut as hard as I could, shaking the wall, and collapsing him over my fist. In my current mode, I liked the way it felt. So I gave him another shot just for fun.

"The Major is a work colleague. I leave here tomorrow. Any time we spend together is as friends." I growled at him, throwing him to the ground. 

The big guy was lying still, but I kicked him in the side, hard, to make sure he wasn't faking it. He didn't budge. Rolling him over, while keeping my eyes on the mouthpiece, I undid his belt, while the little guy stayed on hands and knees retching. Yanking the belt off, I rolled the muscle onto his stomach, and used it to tie his hands tightly behind his back. I wasn't gentle.

Standing, I kicked him again for spite. I didn't like being sucker punched. I hoped I broke a rib.

"You're making a big mistake," the small guy said, sitting back on his haunches, watching me.

"You made the mistake," I told him. "And the Major's business is none of yours."

"Don Reinaldo thinks otherwise. When you sleep with his fiancée you make it his business. She is not some whore you can play with." He was trying to straighten himself out, like he was back in control.

"I have not slept with her, and insulting her is not a wise move," I assured him, kicking his leg, which he drew back in pain.

The guy trussed up was groaning, trying to roll to his side.

I grabbed the little guy by the hair and pulled him upright. "I think you should leave now, before I get angry."

He struggled to get free, and almost fell when I released him. "You have been warned. Keep your distance from her."

"If I see you again, I will break your little weasel face," I told him. I pushed him through the open doorway, making him trip over his associate. I grabbed the guy on the floor by the hands and pulled him out the door, leveraging his arms back and up, nearly pulling them out of the sockets. When I had him in the hall, I pulled up sharply, as hard as I could and was rewarded with a sickly pop from his left shoulder. Serves the bastard right. He'd be in no shape to ambush me now.

The first guy looked at me in fear, his face blanching. He started to speak but I held up my hand. "Say nothing. Just leave. One more word, one, and I will take you back into my room and I will hurt you very badly. Very. Understood?"

I could tell he wanted to reply angrily, but he just nodded, red-faced.

Looking around, I saw we had a small audience. A couple of heads were peering out of their doors, and my boss Chris was standing outside hers, gazing on in surprise.

"Wrong room," I announced. I turned to Chris, "I'll just be a second, then we can go down and get some breakfast."

I retreated to my room, straightening my clothing and grabbing the retractable baton which I collapsed and slipped under my belt. Just in case they had friends. With my jacket on it was invisible.

The phone rang, and I thought about letting it go, in case the hotel had some complaint. I picked it up anyway, ready to fire back about their lax security.

"Jack. Ana Isabel. Just listen. You may have some men come to visit you. Don't let them in. Stay away from them. Carlos will be there soon."

"They were already here."

"My God! Are you alright? That bastard!"

"I'm fine. They've left. I'm going down to breakfast with Chris now. Carlos can meet us there."

"Be careful. They will try to get to you."

"Not these two," I assured her.

"Did they say anything?"

"They said they had a message from Don Reinaldo. To stay away from you. They accused me of sleeping with you."

"The asshole! He doesn't own me. Are you sure you're Ok?"

"Right as rain. I can't say as much for the big guy they sent to deliver the message. Look, we can talk about this later, Chris is outside waiting and I'm sure she has lots of questions."

"Please be careful. I'm sorry."

"I'm not. I'll see you later. Don't worry. Bye now."

I heard her soft goodbye as I hung up the phone. My wrist hurt from punching the little guy. I massaged it as I opened the door. 

Chris was standing there staring at me. "Want to tell me what the hell is going on?"

"They had a message for me. They should have phoned it in."

"Don't wisecrack! That looked serious. The one guy couldn't move his arms when they left. What was that about?" She sounded angry.

I slid my arm around her waist and guided her to the elevator. "Come on, I'm starving. It was a simple misunderstanding. They misunderstood my relationship with the Major and I set them straight."

Over breakfast she wouldn't let it go, and I explained a little of what was going on, not going into any detail about my relationship, whatever it was, with the Major. Carlos and an associate found us in the restaurant and he introduced himself and his friend. I invited them to join us for coffee, after which he insisted we ride out to the base with him. He was quiet, but looked capable. His friend wasn't much bigger than me, but he had a dangerous look about him. I was lucky these two hadn't come to visit me.

At the base it was business as usual. I delivered the training, and had lunch with the class. Pablo was assisting me, and by this time he understood the working of the program mods as good as anybody. Made my work a good bit easier. I never saw Ana Isabel, and the subject of the morning visit didn't seem to be public knowledge so we stuck with idle conversation.

The training classes went well, and we had a few different people drop in for a while, but the brass kept their distance, as did my favorite Major. By 5 o'clock we were shutting things down, and I was wondering about the evening plans. Pablo was still sticking around, always near, and in an exceptionally good mood, but he didn't seem to be aware of my early morning visitors.

With the gear packed up, he gave me a smack on the back. It hurt. I was sure the shot I'd taken earlier was going to be sore for a while. I did my best to hide the pain.

"Great job. I'd say your trip was a huge success. Ready for some drinks?"

I smiled. Was I ever ready. "Lead the way compadre. Time to celebrate."

The Officer's Club seemed to stay busy, and this Friday night was clearly no exception. We found Colonel Ortiz at the bar, competing for Chris's attention with the General and their coterie. As I approached, the Colonel turned and passed me a large Scotch, neat. Good man.

"Señor Jack! You and Chris have done a splendid job this week. Thank you so much."

"I'm glad it all worked out so well," I told him, before taking a large gulp from my glass. Damn, I needed that. The General was speaking to me, talking about their installation plans as soon as the final delivery was made. I was barely listening, nodding when it seemed appropriate, while I scanned the crowd for Ana Isabel. 

"She's not here," Pablo said softly.

I turned and looked at him.

"Ana Isabel. We haven't seen her today."

Sadly, it looked like the message had been delivered, and one of us had decided to heed it. Oh well. Probably for the best, as much as I hated to leave things as they were. 

I pounded my drink, and over my second I joined in the conversation, talking about some more features, and the final installation. They were also discussing having another training class, which Chris was negotiating. It almost didn't seem fair; she had the men eating out of her hand.

I heard a hush in the room, and turned to follow the looks of many of those around me. The crowd was parting and Major de Borbón was striding our way. She looked devastating, in an outfit that clung to her body, wearing a necklace so bedecked in jewels I was surprised the weight of it did not drag her down. The sapphire nestled in the top of her cleavage was the size of a quail egg. She headed straight to me, stood on her toes and gave me a peck on the cheek. 

The quiet of the room seemed to burst like a bubble, and I could barely hear her over the sudden cacophony. "Sorry I'm late. I had to take care of a few things." She had a hard look in her eye when she said it, and I was glad I wasn't on her bad side. At least I hoped I wasn't.

Pablo placed a drink in her hand. "All done. Everything went perfect. I don't remember any project going so smoothly."

She smiled. "I'm glad. Although I guess there were a few bumps along the way, but nothing Jack couldn't handle." She smiled and raised an eyebrow at me, almost questioning.

"Nothing major, Major."

She wrapped her arm around my waist, and gave me a squeeze. She must have felt the baton around my waist because she shifted her hand. "I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that."

The Colonel turned to us. "Drink up! It's time for the party. It's a day to celebrate!" He had his arm around Chris; it appeared he was winning the fight for her attention. But the General hadn't given up. He was glued to her other side, leaning down and whispering in her ear.

We carpooled down to the Plaza Mayor again, hitting some new tapas bars. Ana Isabel never left my side, and my flirtation was on the verge of being over the top. Touching, feeding each other, intimate whispers. She seemed to enjoy it, responding in kind, but the subject of our morning discussion never arose. 

It felt much like our first day, and I allowed her to introduce me to some more exotic delicacies, while we clung to each other, ignoring most of our companions. I still wasn't used to their habit of brushing all the crumbs and napkins onto the floor, but when in Rome...

We had dinner at the famous El Botín, the world's oldest restaurant. It was right around the corner, and I was told a little of the history on the way. We ate on the second floor, immortalized by Hemingway in The Sun Also Rises. Our waiter, after seating us, pointed out, "That very chair you sit in was one of Hemingway's favorites."

Ana Isabel, seated between me and the wall, laughed. "Please. I hear that every time we come here, everywhere we sit."

A man in a suit appeared beside our waiter. "Anita, don't tease the waiters."

She rose and turned to him, giving him a hug. "Antonio! It is so nice to see you."

He beamed. "So the suckling pig finally draws you back? It's been ages."

She turned and gestured to me, and I stood. "We are celebrating tonight. The end of a big project. Jack is our guest of honor. Jack, Antonio is one of the managers here. His family owns the place."

"Enchanted. Thank you for choosing to join us tonight. I hope you enjoy your meal."

I shook his hand, surprised that such a young man would manage such a famous restaurant. "I have no doubt. Of course, how could any meal match the company?"

"Ah, you set a great hurdle before us. I will try to rise to the challenge. Enjoy your meal."

He stopped by and spoke to several of the men joining us, where we occupied much of the space at that end of the floor. Our party was a good score or more, and they were already bringing out the wine and first appetizers. After all the tapas, I was wondering where I'd find the room for any of it.

The menu had already been decided, and the food was brought out in several servings, including lamb, the famous suckling pig, fresh white asparagus, and too much more to describe fairly. We had some of the famous ham to start, and worked our way through the ensuing feast. 

When Antonio came by to check on us, Ana Isabel asked for a private tour. He seemed more than happy to oblige, and walked us through the restaurant, providing some of the history. He took us through the kitchen, showing us the original 300 year old wood burning stove, where they still roasted the suckling pig and lamb. We were even given a tour through the ancient bodega, surrounded by bare stone walls, standing among bottles of wine that looked as old as the restaurant itself.

"Antonio, dear, would you have any special wine we might finish our meal with?" Ana Isabel asked.

He smiled and led us to a rack of wines, and withdrew a dusty bottle. "I think you might enjoy this. I'll have it brought to you."

"Place it on my personal bill, please," she asked.

I was overwhelmed by the ancient feeling of the restaurant, and was sad to see the tour end, as we were escorted back to our table.

I thanked our host, and held out Ana Isabel's chair before rejoining our group. The sommelier appeared with our wine, and I was almost ashamed to drink it, knowing my uneducated palate was no match for the treasure.

Everyone seemed to be having a wonderful time, and I was ecstatic to be able to share the meal with my lovely date, as I considered her to be. 

"You seem to be popular," I commented.

She laughed, "I've been coming here as long as I remember. It's one of my father's favorites. I don't get to come by nearly as often as I would like lately. I love the garlic soup."

"Then I'm glad I had some as well," I teased.

We were picking at our dessert, oblivious to anyone but each other, and I wondered about the world she lived in. A far different social strata than I'd ever been exposed too. She was beauty and elegance, and seemed a little above us all. For once, she was not a Major, but a member of the royalty, no matter how distant. And it showed.

I hated for the dinner to end, two hours of gastronomic pleasure, but I was reminded the night was still young, and there was dancing to be done.

A short walk allowed us to digest a bit before we entered a rollicking dance hall. We were escorted to a private section, and took over several couches and low tables. Our drink orders were taken, and I was informed it was time to dance. 

I'm not much of a dancer, not like these people were dancing. With Ana Isabel, it was like she was suddenly broken free from her shackles of propriety. She danced like a spirit set free. I loved watching her as she moved on the dance floor.

She was obviously well known and popular. As soon as we headed back to our alcove, she was surrounded by admirers. Understandably. She was never at a loss for partners, but turned away more than she danced with. She danced with most of our party, and I can safely say that I didn't want for partners either. I'm relatively certain that Ana Isabel's occasional dances with me were a lure to the other women present. It was good to work off some of the food and alcohol. 

I was dancing with my Major for the fourth time that night and enjoying it immensely, when she pulled close, dancing more intimately than ever.

"Shall we move on, Jack?"

"Move on?"

"This party will be going on for a while. I don't think we'll be missed too badly. What do you say?"

"It would be the perfect end to a less than perfect day. Let's go."

We didn't even make an effort to say our goodbyes, we just slipped out the entrance, finding Carlos waiting for us in the car. We had barely pulled away from the entrance when she broke out the champagne. She poured us each a glass, then offered a toast.

"Shall we drink to a successful project?"

I raised my glass to hers, "Best project of my life."

After sipping from our glasses she leaned over and kissed me. "I'd also like to drink to one of the most interesting weeks of my life," she said softly.

"I hope I had some small part in that."

She smiled beautifully. "Maybe. Just a tiny bit."

"I'm glad."

"I thought, if you don't mind, we might go back to my place and finish our celebration there."

"Are you sure that's wise? I'll be leaving tomorrow, but you still have to deal with the fallout from Don Reinaldo."

"As far as I'm concerned there is no more Reinaldo. I made that clear to both him and my family today. For four years I went along with their plans, but no more. I'm not sure who the right man is for me, but I know it's not him. No matter how much our families might wish otherwise."

"I can't say that I'm sorry to hear that. I don't know the man except indirectly, through his actions. I believe you deserve better."

"As do I, Jack. As do I."

I finished my champagne, and pulled her close. She slipped into my arms, and I kissed her, deeply, fantasizing for the moment what it could be like if things were different. If we weren't from such different social classes. If I weren't leaving the following day. If I didn't have my soul-mate waiting for me at home.

I rarely thought about Debbie, or Beth, when I was with another woman. I recognized my own fallibility when it came to being with other women, never thinking it more than an act I performed, in between being with the women I loved. It wasn't something intentional, but my mind usually just blocked them out. And I pursued my amorous perfidy without a thought for the consequences. Either at home, or with the object of my short term obsession. 
