 Edited by kanga 40

“Damn” I said aloud to myself. What does she want from me? No matter what I do, it seems I’m always on the defensive.

It all started several months ago when I met her in a chat room. We hit it off, and decided to meet to get to know each other. We had a great intimate evening, making love and chatting away the night. Since, we enjoyed our company and seemed to get along well, we decided to keep in touch by telephone, chat or e-mail, because she lived several hundreds miles away. 

I sensed a certain mood swing in her from time to time. Some evenings she would toy with me, and others she would almost bite my head off. Women! Who could even begin to understand them!

I was determined to roll with the punches, and continue to enjoy my relationship with her regardless of some minor bickering. Almost every evening we stayed in touch, either by phone, chat or e-mail. We often e-mailed back and forth amusing messages, some sexual in nature, toying with each other. 

The trouble began the following morning, after I had sent her a rather crudely worded message, strictly in jest. Unfortunately, she didn’t think it all that funny.

The tranquility of a nice weekend morning was shattered when she called, venting her anger, for receiving such a rude message. Don't be so sensitive, I argued, it was meant as a jest. She became angrier and hung up on me. All right, maybe it was a bit insensitive, but she didn’t even give me the chance to apologize. Why get all worked up? Can’t she take a joke? 

I called her back, trying to smooth things over, after all, I was sorry and didn’t want to leave the incident hanging. She got even angrier, hinting to terminate our relationship. A suggestion was made that maybe I should look for someone else. I lashed back at her, accusing her also of being insensitive to my needs, being nice one day and tearing off my balls the next. You provoke me she lashed back, not your fault, we have a personality conflict - on and on she went. Nothing was settled, we only got angrier at each other. Well, two can play that game, I thought, deciding not to call her again.

A week passed, she didn’t call. I really missed her and decided to give in and call, hoping for amends. She answered, rather reserved, but after a brief conversation, she agreed to have dinner with me the following weekend in her city. 

Since it was a long drive, I left earlier, to be on time for our late evening date. I picked her up at seven at her apartment, presented her with a dozen red roses, her favorite flower. With a faint smile, she thanked me for the roses. She looked absolutely beautiful, sexy clingy black evening gown, slit on the side, showing off her curvy legs, low cut, exposing amble cleavage. I complimented her appearance, and with a strained look she gave me a peck on the cheek.

Although she was pleasant and civil through dinner, there still was this tenseness, and it began to annoy me. Several hours later we went back to her apartment, she invited me in for a glass of wine. Since it was late, I asked her if I could crash on the couch and drive back early morning. She reluctantly agreed. We had a few more glasses of wine and decided to call it a night. She again gave me a small peck on the cheek, entered her bedroom, closing the door. Oh, well, I thought, nothing got resolved and the evening turned out to be a total disaster. The more I thought about it, the more upset I felt. I decided to confront her, to heal the rift between us.

I knocked lightly on her bedroom door and walked in. She lay in bed, uncovered, in a flimsy frilly negligee. She looked stunning, breasts and pubic hair clearly visible through the flimsy material. For several seconds, I just stood there, stunned.

“Get out! What are you doing here?” She demanded, angrily, sitting up, pointing to the door. 

I snapped back to reality.

“Please, we need to talk.” I pleaded with her. She got angrier, demanding I leave immediately.

Something snapped in me at that very moment. I had made every effort to make amends, but she wouldn’t even listen to me.

"Damn" “How dare you treat me like dirt?"

My face turned red with anger as I stepped toward her, reaching for her. Her eyes showed fright, as she pulled back on the bed, looking for an avenue of escape.

I grabbed the top of her negligee and with one swift jerk, ripped the material from her body. She screamed, trying to cover her breasts with one hand, while fending me off with the other. I lunged my body at her, throwing her off balance, as my weight crushed her down. Reaching across, I grabbed both her hands forcing them over her head, my mouth seeking hers. She tried to shake me off, twisting and turning, cursing at me, trying to avoid my lips, but no avail.

"Hold still" I replied gruffly , infuriated by her struggling.

Perspiration was beading on both our bodies, as she struggled to get free. She tried to bring her knees up to strike me in the groin. My knees forced hers down, bruising them in the process, and a groan of pain escaped her lips. 

My lips crushed down on hers, not caring if I hurt her. Her large breasts were crushed against me, the nipples poking into my chest. Freeing one of my hands, I brought it down across her breasts, brutally, forcefully, pulling and crushing them, twisting and pulling on the large long nipples. 

“You bastard! Get off, you’re hurting me. Get off" She screamed at me.

“ You’re going to be sorry you fucked with me, you hear?" I growled back.

My mouth captured a large firm nipple and even though she was still struggling, they hardened under my manipulation. I bit down hard, not drawing blood, but I’m sure it was painful. 

“No, please, don’t do this, I beg you. I’m sorry I hurt you. Please don’t do this.” She cried. 

I ignored her pleading, pulled her up, turning her around forcefully, bending her over the edge of the bed. Her buttocks stuck high in the air, the puffy large pussy lips gaping between the legs. Holding her down hard with my left hand, warning her not to piss me off any more or it would just get worse, I pulled my briefs off, grabbed my straining hard member with my right fist, forcing several inches between those puffy lips, spreading the inner lips wide, sliding my member back and forth, up and down between the lips. The stimulation and agitation made the juices flow against her will. Her breasts are swaying like a pendulum from the force of my driving shaft.

Releasing both my hands, I reached around, grabbed those swinging globes firmly in each hand, pulling her down. I aimed my rock hard cock, at the now dripping hole and with a groan drove home into her wetness. She grunted, collapsing forward on the bed, by the force of the insertion. Her vagina pulsed and pulled at my shaft, as I relentlessly fucked her. The sweat was pouring off my body from the exertion and intensity of our coupling. Back and forth I drove into her, driving her head into the bedding, pulling her back by the hips with my hands. Only my fiery release would stop this madness.

Each trust brought a gasp from her throat; her struggles weakening as I continued to pound her from behind. The moisture was streaming from her gash, flowing down her legs, as the intensity increased. I could feel the sperm surging for release, and with a final push, I collapsed on top of her, semen pouring and drenching the fires in her vagina. She shuttered and shook with her own release. 

I rolled off her perspiring hot body, allowing her to catch her breath. She rolled on her side, still gasping from the aftermath of the intensive coupling. Her small hand reached out and stroked back a strand of wet hair from my forehead. Her green eye sparkled. A single tear rolled down her cheek. 

I gently wiped the tear away.

So, did you actually think I would rape my dear friend? What kind of a man do you think I am? She had this fantasy… Of course later she scolded me for being too rough. 

"Women!"