 I met her in a chat room on the Internet. We seemed to hit it off right away talking for hours, sharing ideas, our dreams, desires and fantasies. As it often does, our talks turned flirty and often erotic. I imagined her as tall, blond, green eyes, large breasts, curvy body, you know? Every man's fantasy isn't it?

We met several times a week on the net enjoying our being together. Our banters became erotic in nature and becoming more personal. Over time our longing for each other increased and we both felt the need to take our relationship to the next level.

Although very excited about the prospect of finally meeting the person whom I got to know at least in mind I felt uneasy of the unknown as the moment drew closer. Many questions raced through my mind. Would she like me as a person? Would I panic and fall flat on my face? Or would I be disappointed or worse yet would she?

We finally set a date and a meeting place at a nearby quaint bed & breakfast. For some reason I thought a motel or hotel to clinical for our first meeting.

As the day drew closer I felt panic but forced myself to calm the butterflies in my stomach. I admit that I was nervous wondering if she was going through the same feelings and doubts.

We had decided to meet at 5:00 PM at the bed & breakfast to get to know each other, maybe go out to dinner, and the rest? Well we'd have to let nature take its course. I arrived a few minutes early feeling my palms get sweaty from the anticipation.

A sporty car pulled up and the door opened, then a pair of the loveliest, sexiest curvy long legs swung out like none that I had ever seen before. My breath caught in my throat as the rest of her body came into view. A very attractive symmetrical face appeared with high cheek bones, nose with a hint of European lineage, a face of character and classic beauty, beautiful long dark golden shoulder length hair, green sparkling eyes and wide full lips. Wearing a sheer white blouse which accented her full breasts her nipples straining through the thin fabric co-coordinated with a dark short skirt which stopped just short of her knees.

She is not a small woman, tall, with a full voluptuous body, exuding confidence and sexuality. For a second, I wasn't sure if I was dreaming, is this possible? "She" is the woman of my fantasy, born from my imagination.

A lump forms in my throat, as I approach her, extending my hands toward her. She smiles at my approach ignoring the outstretched hand, instead embracing me, pushing her firm chest against mine her lips brushing my cheeks.

"Hi" she breathed "I'm so pleased that we finally met. I've been looking forward to this for a long time. Do you like what you see?"

Of course I liked what I saw! She is astonishing.

"Yes...." I stuttered.

She must have sensed my unease so she started to tell me about her day. Her chatter had a calming affect on my nerves as I helped her remove her personal bag from her car. Together we make our way to the room which I reserved earlier. It is a quaint room with antique furniture, a very elegant king size bed, bright and cheery so perfect I thought to myself for our first encounter.

I close the door behind us as we face each other both knowing why we were here.

"Finally" she breathed rushing into my arms her lips brushing mine. "Please make love to me." She whispers in my ear. A warm feeling of tenderness and desire engulfs me. I want nothing more than to please this lovely goddess who is the woman of my dreams.

"Yes, I long to love you" I whisper back as my mouth tenderly kisses her ear.

Our lips touch again softly both of us enjoying the feeling and the sensation of our caressing bodies. My hand roams across her back caressing her through the silky material moving down further across those lovely cheeks. Her small red tipped fingers pull my head firmly against her, our tongues searching, exploring and intertwining.

"Oh yes" she moans her eyes boring into mine. I feel her very soul, her longing, her desire and her needs and I'm sure that she feels mine too.

We were of one mind as our lust increases both shaking and trembling for each other.

My hand slides across the soft silky material reaching for her firm left breast, cupping and stroking it, my fingers plucking at the hardening nipple. A sigh escapes her lips a look of pleasure is on her face. We gaze into each other eyes as I slowly unbuttoned her blouse exposing large firm creamy breasts topped with hardening nipples covered by a frilly lacy bra. Again my hand reaches out to those engorged globes fondling and squeezing her delicate sensuous breasts. She steps back a finger on my lips while her other hand fumbles with my zipper as her skirt drops at her feet.

She dances away from me in all her glory wearing only flimsy panties and bra covering her treasures. What a voluptuous body sensuous and curvy the body of a mature woman. Desire surges through me and I don't remember removing my clothes. We both lay ourselves on the bed with out bodies touching and her head is resting on my shoulder. I inhale her scent; she smells soapy and clean also fresh like spring flowers. Her odor is inflaming my senses. Her body feels soft and warm in my arms as she cuddles up against me while stroking my hairy chest and murmuring words of endearment. My face is buried in her silky hair as I pull her even closer to me and I feel her moist breath against my neck. I am hers all of me soul, body and mind.

I unsnap her bra allowing my eyes to feast on her creamy firm, fleshy globes. The dark circled nipples are large, puffy and standing to attention. My mouth rotates around one nipple then I gently roll my tongue over it. I feel her breath quicken as her senses are inflamed by my wet mouth. She pulls me closer now smashing my lips hard against her firm flesh. My tongue lashes out swirling around each nipple washing the top of her globes as I taste her flesh, my teeth gently biting and nibbling.

"That feels so good, please don't stop" she gasps.

She pulls back and bends down to my chest and flicks her tongue across my nipples. Flashes of lightening shoot through me because no one has ever licked my nipples before and the sensation is unbelievable. Her other hand searches and locates my engorged shaft. She strokes me slowly while her mouth is still trailing wet kisses down across my chest and belly.

I feel her lips tease my shaft her wet tongue lapping at my length as her lips kiss the engorged head, her tongue licking off my dripping juices.

"Ah" I groan. The hotness of her mouth feels so good and so wet! She strokes the underside of my sack, squeezing my tender balls lightly sending lightning and waves of passion through my body.

"Mmmm" she murmurs. Her mouth continues up and down slurping then nibbling the tender tip with her lips.

"You're so good" I moan softly.

The compliment spurs her on greatly as she slides her hand down my shaft, pulling back the foreskin, her mouth swallowing in frenzy to my base, her nose buried in my pubic hair and I feel the familiar tingle. Oh no I think I'm not ready yet. I quickly pull her lips from my shaft with a noisy slurping sound and pull her to my waiting lips kissing her mouth tasting myself on her lips. She gives me a quizzical look a faint smile on her face and I think she understands.

My hand brushes across the slight swell of her belly stroking across the hot softness of her mound and over her curvy legs. Again back to he covered silk of her sex I pinch and probe through the silky fabric. She gasps and drives her hips against my invading fingers seeking closer contact. Her breathing is noticeably quicker; a sigh escapes between those luscious lips as tremors lurch through her body as an orgasm crashed through her. Again I lean over her with my lips placing hot and fiery kisses on her mouth.

"You are so beautiful" I whisper as her eyes open and a faint smile crosses her face. She seeks my mouth parting her lips slightly and I sense her passion and fire.

My hands slide to the top of her panties slowly and deliberately pulling them down over her raised hips. I bring them up to my nose and inhale the heady scent of my soon to be lover. I see her outer lips are large and puffy. They are full glistening with juices with the loose dark inner lips peeking through. Her pussy is shaven clean except for a neatly trimmed golden patch above her sex. My hand gently parts the inner lips a finger sliding through the slit into her heated depths. She groans with pleasure her hips bucking against my invading fingers. Back and forth my fingers slide into her gap, her body reacting and shaking with the stimulation. My hand cups her mound squeezing her with frenzy my fingers searching for her sensitive bud.

"Oh, oh, so good, don't stop" she moans again and again.

I feel elated to be giving her this much pleasure. My mouth finds her sex lips pressing hard into the glistening folds, the rich heady scent stimulating my senses.

My cock lurches stiffening and oozing drops of clear fluid. I kiss her outer lips spreading the inner lips with my thick tongue, licking and thrusting deep into her sex. Her thighs jerk as she humps my face seeking release. I continue to ravish her engorged lips and sex with mouth and tongue, lashing under the hood at the sensitive clit, turning her pussy wet and mushy. She tastes better than any vintage wine and her body trembles as another orgasm crashes over her.

"Please, please I must have you now, take me please" she whines pulling my face to her lips, they are juice covered; my tongue is pressed into her mouth dancing and intertwining. Her perspiring body squirms against me thrusting and demanding more. My blood engorged shaft nestles between juicy lower lips, sliding into the slit, back and forth making her squirm with desire. She moans and groans urging me on.

"Now please now" she cries as my shaft find its goal sliding effortlessly into her up to the very hilt from my pubic hair to bare mount.

"Oh, god that feels so good" I groan.

Her legs lock around my buttocks pulling me deeper; her vagina clutches my swollen throbbing shaft, holding me in a vice. I freeze in place enjoying the hot heated furnace and moisture of her sex. The sensation of being in her body is beyond description. She squirms and shakes non-stop moaning with pleasure.

Her hands slide down squeezing the fleshy bag stimulating me into further action. With a sucking noise I pull back my swollen shaft to the outer lips enjoying the clenching walls as I withdraw. Again I plunge back in, withdrawing and repeating the rhythm over and over. Her hips drive up to meet my every downward plunge and our groins are slapping together with loud slurping sounds. Determined and wanton after the stimulation of the last weeks of verbal foreplay. Her continuous moaning and thrusting has its affect. I feel my sack tightening and that tingly feeling rushes over me that familiar release is near.

With a deep grunt buried to the hilt in her very depths my semen rushes through my shaft gushing and exploding into the mouth of her womb. She freezes her body stiffens as orgasm after orgasm shakes her body. I pull back and several more shots of my juices drench the clenching walls of her vagina. Afterward we lay in each other arms enjoying the after glow of our frenzied coupling. My cock softens and slips out with a slurp and our combined juices drips from her sex onto the sheets and perspiration coats our heated bodies. I softly stroke her heaving breasts until her body and breathing calms down. There is a contented smile on her beautiful face as I lean down and kiss her gently on the lips.

"Thank you for fulfilling my dream" I whisper as her fingers softly stroke my cheek.

"You're welcome" she whispers back while snuggling deeper into my arms.

EPILOGUE: Every once in a while, someone comes along, that shakes the very foundation of what one believes. Happiness comes from various sources, but the unthinkable can enter your life to change it forever. For a fleeting moment two strangers, who are worlds apart, brought happiness of the mind. 

Authors note: I sincerely wish to thank "blond bombshell", the very special lady who encouraged and inspired me to write my first erotic story. This story was written for her, but she asked me to share it with the readers of this site. 