 WARNING: English is NOT my first language - I have learned it in school and practiced it a lot in trading, but this is (even though pornographic) supposed to be literature.

So please bear with me, or, if not, just read something else.

I also need to mention that the story is true, only depicting my personal experience(s).

All the names and/or places may have nothing to do with the reality...

*****

I'm at Ron's place.

He's a good friend of mine, and we also are working in the same institute.

Today, due to reasons I cannot remember, we've left a few hours earlier from work, so that he has invited me to pay him a visit.

On our way to his place, we've stopped and bought three bottles of some really good Bulgarian dry red wine.

He knows that I don't like to drink without eating, so that he also buys some eggs, mushrooms, ketchup and butter.

I have taught him my recipe of poached eggs, with chopped mushrooms, boiled in butter, then mixed with poached eggs and, at the end, colored with some ketchup...

Of course it also needs a little salt and pepper.

Gosh! How I love it!

Especially when I am alone, and I can simply rip a piece of bread and eat it with my bare fingers, just helping myself with the bread, using it as a fork, or spoon...

Ron knows this very well, so that we take advantage of the fact that his fiancee is supposed to come home hours later.

He prepares the meal, pours it into two bowls, and brings it in the living, where the bottles are expecting us.

I have already brought some glasses, a corkscrew, and we are ready for the feast...

I have also brought, from his kitchen, a fork for him, since I know that he doesn't like to eat in the "animal" way, as I do...

Ron's skills, plus my assistance, has made the eggs be wonderful.

I start eating, in my animal manner, enjoying each and every bite, until I hear some keys opening the front door, and... seeing Cora, Ron's fiancee, followed by a blond female beauty, entering the living...

I jump from the coffee table where we were feasting, run at the kitchen, wash my hands, then take a fork, and go back into the living, kiss Cora and meet Cynthia.

Cynthia isn't tall, but she cannot be considered a short person.

Her hair is blond, that dirty blond we are all talking about, a little bit naturally curled, she's probably got some boobs, but I cannot tell that they are poking like crazy, or something, a nice curved ass, and long straight legs, accentuated by her very high heeled boots that she's wearing.

The way she's dressed, decent, nice, but... not from here, makes me guess that she's not from Bucharest.

Cora quickly lets us all know that Cynthia used to be a neighbor of hers in the town where she is from, and that she has come here, since she wants to work, and, afterwards, try to continue her studies at the Polytechnic University.

She's barely nineteen, and, while she's at the bathroom, Cora tells us that she's had the bad luck to start her love life being raped by her so called boyfriend, "helped" by other three or four guys...

Ron isn't, and probably has never been a "normal" guy...

The moment Cynthia comes back from the bathroom, he's openly asking her to tell us about the way she's been raped, with all the details possible...

My kicks on his shoulder, or the vocal protests of Cora, his fiancee, don't stop him from his speech...

He's simply stubborn and crazy, and I do know that, very well...

Cynthia's face is red as a tomato, but, at least for the moment, I don't see her eyes watering her cheeks...

She doesn't, in fact, remember too much, since her ex-boyfriend has taken care to make her drink some large quantities of booze, before taking advantage of her...

Cora raises, going to the kitchen to prepare something to eat, since the eggs were only for two, and already served into the bowls, while I raise and leave for a few minutes, to buy some more wine.

I ask Cora if she needs anything else to be bought, but she denies.

Cynthia insists that I shouldn't bother, since the beverages we have seem to be enough, while I, in the joking spirit of Ron, simply tell her that, since her ex-boyfriend has only reached to make love to her making her first drink a lot, I must be prepared...

I'm laughing, while she bursts into tears!

How shitty I can be! What an ass!...

I jump, take her in my arms, and keep on saying: "Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!...

I feel awful, and need a mirror, to go in front of it, and start slapping my face.

Gosh! What an idiot I can be!...

Anyway, I leave and go to buy the wine, asking myself if, under the circumstances, it wouldn't be better to just go home...

The more annoying thing is that I like the girl, and, also, I really feel bad towards Cora, since, being her friend, I'm sure that she doesn't want her to suffer...

Well, I'm just a dick head and, honestly, I am really, really sorry!

Coming back at Ron's apartment, I can hear some blues.

I ring the bell, and Ron comes to open the door, with Cora embracing him - they are dancing, while Cynthia is looking over some Cora's magazines...

Ron simply whispers:

"Go and take that girl to dance. She is really upset!"...

I leave the bag with the bottles, take off my overcoat, then approach Cynthia, kneel in front of her, take and kiss her both hands, asking her for forgiveness, then asking her to dance with me...

I can see her beautiful green eyes bursting into tears again, but she raises, and we start dancing.

Later on, she will tell me that absolutely nobody has ever knelt in front of her...

Gosh! What a great deal can mean a simple gesture, costing you nothing!...

After an hour, or so, Cora approaches me, asking me if I can be gentleman enough to take Cora to the railway station and bring back here her luggage, since she's left them at the luggage department, at the railway station.

She also mentions, smiling, that I'm supposed to bring Cynthia and the luggage back here, not at my place...

So, it seems to be clear by now that I'm gonna get some pussy tonight, or, at least, this is what tells me my wishful thinking!...

I insist to take a taxi, and also insist to pay for it.

In less than forty minutes we are back, l ring the door bell, and, after five minutes, or more, Ron opens the door, then runs towards the bedroom...

They haven't expected us to come back this soon!...

I pour some wine into our glasses, say cheers, then sip, and... after ten minutes, or so, Cora appears, blushing like a teenager, saying "Sorry", and bringing some crackers...

Ron isn't that shy.

He simply appears wearing a pajama, pours some wine, then takes advantage of the closeness of his fiancee, and simply grabs her beautiful ass, mentioning: "Good merchandise!..."

Cora slaps his forehead, commenting:

"You! Swine!"...

She then gives me an ugly look...

I try to defend myself, asking:

"Now, what have I done?!?"

She answers:

"Just leave it as it has fallen! You know very well! Let it be!"...

Cynthia puts her hand on mine, comforting me, so that I keep quiet.

We keep on drinking, eating, dancing a little, until, at ten in the evening, Cora halts the music, asking me to go home, since, in the morning, Cynthia is expected at an interview, and she wants her to look fresh, not trashed...

Cora simply knows what a good fucker I can be, since my ex-wife has taken care to explain, in a... probably very detailed manner...

In fact, this is one of the tiny reasons that have also made me decide to divorce...

In the morning, at work, I drink the coffee together with Ron.

He tells me that Cynthia isn't upset with me, that, in fact, she likes me, so that, most probably, if I have nothing against it, they will pay me a visit tonight, and, who knows, maybe he will leave only accompanied by his fiancee, since, anyway, my large bed is much better than the couch on which Cynthia has slept in their living...

Theoretically, she will still have to use that couch for more than a week, until she finds out if she has really found a job here, and then look for a place to rent.

I ask Ron if there is any need to start looking for some connections to help the girl with her job, but he denies, telling me that Cora has assisted at the pre - interview and that Cynthia has been all right.

In fact, it's better like this, since I don't want Cynthia to feel like being, somewhat, obliged to be sleeping with me...

The only problem in the equation seems to be Cora, who knows very well that, after the divorce, I'm not looking to find myself a new wife so quickly, and she also doesn't want to see Cynthia heartbroken...

I ask Ron to tell Cora that I shall be very open with Cynthia, not letting her make herself any useless illusions about myself.

Then I add:

"Well, finally, maybe it's time for Cynthia to see what making love means - by the way, do you have any idea if she's been raped only by her boyfriend, or by... all his other friends?"

Ron draws a large smoke from his cigarette:

"The problem is that... she's been so trashed by the booze, so that she practically cannot remember"...

"And, why the heck didn't she go to the militia, to report the rape?"

Ron jumps:

"Are you crazy?!? In that tiny little town of theirs?!? To label her as a whore with official documents?

Nooooo way! It's bad enough that her boyfriend and his friends have, somewhat, spread the word about it!"...

In fact, this is what has made her take the decision to come at Bucharest. Large town, lots of people who don't know her, or her history...

Ron continues, telling me that Cora has arranged for Cynthia to be seen today by a gynecologist, to make sure that everything is in good order down there.

She has no pain, her periods have come just as usual, but... it's better to be cautious, especially since she cannot remember if there's been one, or four or five dicks inside her...

Anyway, the guy has acted like a jerk, since Cynthia was always sucking his dick willingly, and even letting him fuck her up her ass from time to time, her only limit being that she wanted to give him her virginity in the night of their wedding...

Anyway, it seems that, in fact, he didn't have any wedding plans - at least, not with her!...

"Gosh! Ron! You seem to know all the history of this girl!"

"I've told you that she and Cora used to be very good friends back home"...

Now... it's six in the evening, the door bell rings, and I let come in Cora, Cynthia and Ron.

I invite them to sit, then bring some whiskey, but I also have to bring some wine, as Cynthia refuses, since the "accident," to drink any spirit booze...

The interview has been great, no problems, and... also the gynecologist has concluded that she has been completely deflowered, with no visible scars, but couldn't tell if she's been raped by only one person.

Of course Cora has a large mouth, so she continues, telling us that, since the gynecologist is a female, she has also recommended, as from a woman to another woman, that Cynthia should try to have sex with someone she trusts, aware, this time, of the event...

As you can imagine, Cynthia is blushing...

Since I am the host, and I also have had dealt, in my past, with some women who have been raped, I feel the need to say something:

"Now, Cynthia, I know how awkward you can feel, especially since you've only met Ron and me yesterday, but please remember that you are here among friends. Real friends!...

Further more, we are all adults and if we do discuss these matters, we only do it trying to find what's best for you.

Nobody laughs, or is trying to be mean!"...

I suddenly remember my "joke" of yesterday:

"And... about my silly, stupid joke, that I've made yesterday, I cannot even describe in words how sorry I can be, but, from your attitude, I've honestly thought that you have, somewhat, managed to get over that unfortunate event.

To tell you the complete truth, yesterday, after I've left to buy the wine, for several minutes, I've been dealing with the impulse to go home. I was really, really ashamed of myself!..."

Cynthia jumps from her chair, comes and sits on my lap, kisses me on both my cheeks, then, with her hand, ruffles my hair:

"Well, big and naughty boy, this time you're forgiven!"

Then she kisses me again, but, this time, directly on my lips.

Ron and Cora start applauding.

I raise from my chair, with Cynthia still in my arms, and start dancing with her.

Cora jumps from the chair, grabbing Ron's hand, and they start dancing too.

So, we chat, we dance, we drink a little, having a good time.

Close to ten in the evening, Cora asks Cynthia to come with her, and they both enter in... the bathroom!

It's clear that they need to discuss something, and they don't want to be heard by us...

After about fifteen minutes, they come back.

Cynthia takes a seat, and Cora asks me to... come with her.

"Gosh! I hope you won't take me to the bathroom! I don't want to make Ron think who knows what!"

She grabs my hand and takes me to the kitchen, making me sit at the table, while she sits in front of me.

In quite a few words, she gives me a lecture about how much she cares for Cynthia, and how much she wants to help her, blah, blah...

The idea is that Cynthia has accepted to stay with me tonight, and try to get over her problem, especially since Cora has insisted that I should be the "therapist", since I've dealt already with other victims, and, generally, since I'm an honest and open guy...

You probably guess that I accept, also promising Cora that Cynthia will only do what she wants, if she wants, when she wants...

I end jokingly:

"Tonight, I shall keep the strings and the handcuffs under the bed!"...

We raise, Cora kicks my liver, jokingly, and we go back.

Cora informs Ron that it's time for them to go.

I ask:

"Cynthia, what is your schedule for tomorrow?"

Cora hurries to answer instead of her:

"She's as free as a bird, all day long!"

I look at Ron:

"Will you please spare me a phone call, and inform our dear boss that I am... busy?"

He looks at me, and, of course, makes a stupid joke:

"No, I shall tell him that you need to do something recommended by a doctor!

I'm dying to see his face when I shall tell him that the doctor is a... gynecologist!"

And, of course, he bursts into laughter...

Now, if everybody knows everything, I'm just wondering what the heck were those maneuvers for, with the girls going alone into the bathroom, then Cora and me in the kitchen...

"Now, Ron, just take care! I simply don't want all Bucharest to hear about Cynthia's history and her problems!

Have I made myself clear?"

He's not very happy hearing my words, but he knows that he deserves it...

We kiss good bye, then, after their departure, Cynthia excuses herself, takes her purse, a rather large one, and goes to the bathroom.

After twenty minutes, or so, she comes back, wearing a nightgown, with her clothes and purse on one arm.

I help her with her purse, showing her where she can put her clothes.

Now, it's clear that the girls have planned this, long before letting us, boys, know anything about it...

I bring a small glass, take the bottle of whiskey, and pour just a little into the glass, then, looking at Cynthia, I tell her:

"Now, baby, first things first. You need to get over your fears, probably nightmares, so that I would like you to take that glass, and sip from it. It won't do you any harm, I guarantee!"

Cynthia looks at the glass as if she would be seeing a poisonous snake, or something, but, after a moment, she grabs it and engulfs all of it's content in one gulp.

I can only hope that she won't act like this when we shall try to have sex...

"Good! The only problem is that you don't need to rush like that! Do you want a little bit more? But... only a little!"

No, she doesn't.

Now, the problem is that ever since Cora and Ron have left, she avoids to speak.

Anyway, she doesn't seem to be the talkative kind, but, still, I need to find a way to make her feel a little bit more relaxed...

Since a blues just got started, I stand up and invite her to dance with me.

We dance for a while, embraced, then I grab her chin and make her mouth come gently towards mine.

Gosh! She's surely brought not only her nightgown, since the smell of her mouth tells me that she's recently brushed her teeth...

I'm wondering what else has she brought in that bag of hers...

Anyway, caressing her back I realize that she isn't wearing a bra, then, when I let my hand wander towards her ass, I realize that she's also wearing no panties.

So, the girl has made the things easy for me...

After the tune is over, I ask her if I can put a tape with some smooth, relaxing tunes.

She nods, in agreement.

"Now, Cynthia, please believe me that I do have some pajamas over here, but, honestly, I use to sleep naked.

Would that... shock you? Or, make you feel embarrassed?"

She looks towards my crotch, probably noticing the effect our dance and kiss has had to me:

"If you don't mind, you could leave your shorts on, couldn't you?"

I agree, then take off all my other clothes.

I dim the lights, then invite her on the bed.

She quickly slips under the covers, letting only her head out...

I approach her, gently, make her turn towards me, and start kissing her lips again.

Shorts or no shorts, my dick is punching her belly, while my hand has already slipped under her nightgown, caressing her ass cheek.

God! She's so tense! Her tongue responds to mine, but, somewhat, ever since my hand started touching her bare skin, in a somewhat... mechanical way.

I insist in kissing her, while massaging her buttock, but, after ten minutes, or so, I stop, taking away my hands from her.

"Now, Cynthia, it doesn't seem to work.

Let's do it like this. I lay on my back, and let you do to me whatever you feel like, or pleases you."

After saying this, I put my hand under her head, caressing her hair.

It takes her more than two minutes before she decides to start caressing my chest.

After more than ten minutes, she has progressed, her hand being now on my belly.

I know that she knows where I'm expecting that hand of hers, but, as promised, I don't rush things.

Suddenly, she turns her face towards mine, and whispers:

"Turn off the lights, completely! Will you?"

I do as I'm asked, then get back in bed.

She gently pushes away the covers, then I can feel that she raises, and starts grabbing my shorts.

I raise my ass to help her.

Soon afterwards, I can feel her hair brushing my belly, tickling me a little, but also making my dick pulsate like crazy.

But, not for long, since I can feel my dick surrounded by her boobs.

They aren't large, but they are enough for letting her caress my dick with them, while her tongue is frantically licking my belly.

All I can tell is that I love the sensations.

I cannot keep my hands home, so that I start caressing her hair.

She probably gets it as a signal, since she's lowering her head, starting to lick and engulf my dick.

I can tell that she's experienced, doing a really good job, making me wonder, again, what the hell has been into that dick head of the friend of hers, to destroy her...

After ten minutes, I ask her:

"Baby, may I kiss you? Would you mind?"

She tenses, but takes my dick from her mouth, and asks:

"Don't you want me first to go and wash my mouth?"

Dear me! So many guys acting like jerks!

"No, baby, come here!"

I embrace her, and start kissing her like there is no tomorrow, then start licking her neck, her ears, biting and sucking gently the lobes, then I stop, and start working to take off her nightgown.

She lets me do it, but I can feel that she's tense.
