 I rolled the dice and prayed. I really need a natural 20 or the next round would kill me, and with the rest of my team down I absolutely had to defeat this dragon.

I glanced at my friend, Brian. He was the Dungeon Master and we were at his apartment. He smiled at me, almost evilly. He had set this campaign up to be incredibly difficult on purpose, possibly due to his misogynistic tendencies. 

I looked over at Mya, the newest member to the group. Jeff had brought her over, explaining that she loved the game and didn't have anyone to play with. She had done well, hadn't needed any assistance, but had rolled some very unlucky numbers.

She looked at me as I rolled, locking her eyes with mine. I found it difficult to look away from that light blue gaze.

Brian had not tried to hide his disdain for her. "You're too pretty to be into this." She really was, with dark hair and a beautiful face. Her figure was an exquisite hourglass, definitely not the type you'd imagine nerding it up with a D&D campaign. Brian had only gotten more and more irritable as the night weathered on, seeing that she actually did know what she was doing despite her appearance. When she had finally fallen in battle, shortly before this all-important roll of mine, he had laughed and spat sexist comments at her.

I definitely needed that natural 20.

Unable to look away from her gaze, I dropped the dice. I heard Brian groan, and she broke the spell by looking away to check the dice.

I glanced down and saw the number 20 staring up at me. 

I laughed, a little nervously at first then gained momentum when Mya cheered for me. "Yeah!" she hollered.

I stood up and leaned over the table, poking Brian in the ribs. "Oh, that's right, Mr. Big Tough DM, like to pick on girls, huh?"

Brian glared at me then grabbed the dungeon grid we'd been playing with and tore it off the table causing figurines and character sheets to go flying everywhere. He growled at us then turned and walked out of the room.

"Everyone who is on her side can suck my cock and leave. Anyone who wants to play for real can stay for a new campaign," he said from the other room.

Every single person in the room grabbed their dice and books, stood up and headed towards his front door.

We exchanged farewells outside, with promises to get together sometime and figure out a new DM. I started walking down the block towards my house.

I heard footsteps jogging behind me and turned around. Mya caught up and took my hand in hers. "Thanks for standing up for me!"

"Yeah, sure," I said, glad that she appreciated my knightly efforts.

"Walk me home?" she asked.

"Where do you live?"

She pointed towards the direction I'd been going. "Two blocks that way."

"Okay, sure," I said. It was getting late; the sun had been down for hours. "It's right on the way to my place."

We walked in silence to her apartment building with her holding my hand in both of hers the entire way. When we got to the building she led me inside and up a flight of stairs to her door. 

"This is my place," she said.

"Okay," I said, "have a good night!"

I turned to start walking back but she caught my hand. I turned to face her, wondering why she was stopping me from leaving and was thoroughly shocked when she kissed me.

I won't disclose on whether or not that was my first kiss, but I will say that I was quite inexperienced. Her lips pressed into mine, locking around my lower lip. It wasn't passionate and heavy, but not light and innocent, either. She continued to kiss me, running her tongue along my lip as though asking for entry.

I stood there, frozen, with no idea what I should do. My boner was saluting her about as high as it could go, I felt my pants shift around it as it rose. I prayed that she didn't notice but I knew she most likely would.

She let go of my hand and put her arm around the back of my neck. She put the other around my middle and pressed into me, grinding against me. I knew she had to notice and I felt so embarrassed, even though it was her fault I was so incredibly horny right then.

After a few more seconds she pulled away and smiled up at me. "Does my hero wish to come inside?"

"Oh, well, I... uh..."I stammered helplessly.

She laughed and turned around to unlock her door. I wondered if I should make an excuse to leave, but then she opened it and took my hand to lead me inside, then locked the door behind her.

The apartment was a studio. Tiny kitchen, Futon in a living room/bedroom area that contained a T.V., coffee table and not much else. It was clean; the Futon was already laid back with a cover, blanket and pillows on it.

"Have a seat," she said, gesturing towards the futon. "I just need to use the restroom for a second. Feel free to watch some T.V. if you want."

I nodded and made my way over to the futon. I sat down on the end of it. The T.V. remote was on the T.V. stand in front of me. I grabbed it and clicked the power button. I was pretty much immediately treated to a view of two naked women in the 69 position, the camera man angling around to get some shots of them licking each other and moaning.

My boner started throbbing and I felt that telltale pain that meant I needed to relieve myself quick or suffer the consequences. I heard a door shut and turned to see Mya leaving the bathroom. She was also entirely naked.

"Oh, I forgot what channel I left it on," she chuckled. "Well, I'm sure you don't mind, am I right?"

I just stared at her, my mouth wide open. Her body was incredible! Her breasts were the perfect size for my hands; her waist was trim and toned. Her hips had a beautiful curve to them, leading to long, shapely legs. She was fully shaven and had a slight tan with barely noticeable tan-lines around her breasts.

She walked over and straddled me, her breasts level with my face. I forced myself to look up and make eye contact with her, but she started kissing me. This time it was a little more aggressive, and she rocked back and forth rubbing her crotch against my boner.

"Do you want me?" she asked, breathily.

"Well, I..." I said, articulate as ever.

"I want you," she said. "I want your hard cock inside my pussy, I want you to fill me, I want to feel you rubbing me from the inside."

"I... well..."

"I want to feel your mouth on my breasts, I want to feel your hands all over me, I want to taste you everywhere..."

"Um, okay..." I managed to get out. She started kissing my neck, then stopped to pull my shirt off over my head.

"Lay back," she instructed, while pushing me gently. I complied, but tensely.

"I'm not very experienced," I said, finally having found my words again.

"Good," she said, "that means you'll be that much more fun to play with."

I sighed and relaxed. She didn't care if I was a virgin. I began to really enjoy myself as she leaned over me and started kissing me again, pushing her tongue between my lips and flicking it against my tongue. I started to move my tongue with hers, pushing them together and really tasting her.

She pulled away and started kissing down my chest and stomach. She undid my pants and pulled them off, including my boxers, and started kissing my boner delicately.

"I love how soft the skin of your cock is," she said. "It feels nice against my lips."

I readied myself for a blowjob, but it never came. She continued kissing it and then stopped. She climbed off me and I sat up, wondering what was going on. She had turned around, her amazing, firm ass was right in front of my face. The lesbian porn was still playing, now there were several women. Some were kissing each other, some were licking each other's pussies, some were sucking on another woman's breasts. All of them were moaning and sighing.

She spread her legs and leaned forward, then put one hand between her legs and opened the lips to her pussy with it.

"Do you like how this looks?" she asked. Her pussy was visibly wet, sticky strings of moisture crossing the opening as she held it for me to see.

My cock ached to be inside of there. "Yes," I answered.

"Do you want inside of it?" she asked.

"Oh God, yes!" I said. 

"Then fuck me," she said. "Stand up and fuck me as hard and fast as you can right now."

I stood up and slid my cock right into that juicy pussy, I felt the warmth wrap around me, tight, almost pulling on my cock as I began to move it in and out.

I reached around and grabbed her lips for leverage and began moving faster, her ass was jiggling attractively.

"Oh God", she said, when I started pumping. She was moaning, "faster, fuck me harder, fuck me faster... Oh God! Oh fuck, oh God! Don't stop!"

I pumped faster and faster, as fast as I could, banging into her as hard as I could, faster and faster, her ass jiggling in rhythm as I fucked her...

"Fuck, oh God, I'm cumming so hard, I'm cumming! Oh God, fuck me, fuck me, you feel so good! Your cock is so good, fuck me!"

I kept going, I felt myself getting closer and closer to a climax and she kept moaning, louder and louder.

"Oh yes, oh God! FUCK! YES! Oh my fucking God, yes! Oh God, fuck me! OH MY GOD! FUCK! YOUR COCK IS SO GOOD! YOU FEEL SO FUCKING GOOD! YES! DON'T STOP! OH MY GOD, DON'T STOP!"

I kept going, faster and faster, harder and harder, fucking that tight, wet cunt as fast and hard as I could, feeling it pull on me every time I pulled outward. "I'm gonna cum," I told her.

"Oh GOD, DON'T STOP! NO, DON'T STOP!"

"I'm gonna cum... Oh God, I'm gonna cum! OH GOD! FUCK!" I felt tingles as I blew my load inside her tight little pussy. I pumped a couple more times, slowly, trying to draw out the sensation of my orgasm, and then felt entirely drained.

I pulled out and she stood up straight. The lesbians continued doing their thing in the background as I collapsed backwards, spread out on the futon.

She faced me, and straddled me where I lay. "I want you to fuck me again," she said.

I laughed. "I don't think I can."

She leaned back so that her legs were still spread on either side of my body, but her ass was resting on the futon between my legs. She started masturbating, rubbing her clit with her finger tips as I lifted my head to watch.

She began to moan softly, "oh, oh... mmm... yeah... ohhh..."

Her fingers began going faster as her moans picked up speed, her other hand reaching down to finger-fuck her own pussy. "Oh, fuck, yeah... mmm... oh yeah..."

My cock rose again, hard and ready. She noticed it and pushed herself up to sit on it cowgirl-style. The now-familiar sensation of her pussy, warm and tight, felt amazing against my again-hard cock as she started rocking back and forth.

I leaned back to enjoy myself as she kept going, rocking faster and faster. Then she leaned forward as I lifted my hips a little to make sure she could still get my whole cock inside her, and wound up with her tits right in my face.

"Suck on my tits," she said, while rocking back and forth, moaning so it came out more like, "oh, mm, suck on my tits, mmm, oh yeah..."

I cupped them in my hands and pulled one to my mouth and began to suck on it awkwardly. Her back arched and her rocking got a little faster as I sucked on it.

I thought about what I'd seen in pornos and started to flick my tongue on it. Her moaning reaction was all I needed to know I'd done something right.

I continued to play with her nipple, switching between them occasionally, licking and sucking as her moaning started to get louder and her tempo sped up.

She leaned away so her tits weren't in reach of my mouth anymore, but I still cupped them and watched them bounce as she started rocking faster and faster, sitting upright while straddling me. I glanced down and watched as my cock slid in and out of her pussy, glistening with the moisture.

"Oh yeah, fuck," she moaned. She went faster and faster and suddenly was screaming. "OH FUCK YEAH! OH MY GOD, YES! I'M CUMMING! OH YEAH! OH FUCK, YOU FEEL SO GOOD! YOUR COCK FEELS SO GOOD FUCKING MY PUSSY, FUCK! OH MY GOD, YES!"

She kept going and going, while I moaned. This girl really knew what she was doing, as I put forth minimal effort and watched her sexy body move and bounce in rhythm. I felt myself about to climax. "Oh God, I'm gonna cum again..."

"NO! OH FUCK, I WANNA KEEP CUMMING! YOU FEEL SO FUCKING GOOD!"

"I'm gonna... oh my God, I'm gonna cum... Oh God, I'm cumming..." I told her, as I filled her a second time with my manly juices.

She slowed her pace to a stop and collapsed on top of me, her breasts pressed into my chest while my cock rested inside the warmth of her pussy. We layed there like that for a while, the lesbians continuing to do their thing on the T.V.

"Are you bisexual?" I asked.

"Oh fuck yeah," she moaned. "I love to fuck nerdy guys and hot chicks." Her breath was hot on my neck as she sighed the words. She was still a little out of breath, understandably so. I sighed and closed my eyes, feeling myself drift off.

I started dreaming about Mya fucking another girl. Brenda, from my History class at the college. Oh Brenda, with her waves of red hair and sexy curves. Mya, aggressively pushing Brenda onto the futon, tearing off Brenda's clothes and licking that delicious pussy until Brenda screamed with pleasure. Mya putting on a strapon and fucking her from behind, Brenda's wet pussy leaving shiny, sticky juices all over the artificial cock.

"Brenda Walker?" the voice interrupted my dream. I must have been talking in my sleep. "I know Brenda," said Mya, as I woke up groggily. "She's pretty hot, she lives in this building."

"Yeah," I said, still half asleep. "She's damn sexy."

"Didn't mean to wake you," said Mya. "Let me help you fall back to sleep."

Before I realized what was happening, Mya was deep-throating my cock. She pushed it all the way into her mouth, and then gently started sucking on the tip. She teased a bit with her tongue, licking from the base up to the tip, running her tongue around the tip, then sucking gently on the tip again. Every once in a while she took it all in, sucking and slurping, with amazing skill at keeping her teeth out of the way. She gently handled my balls in one of her hands, rubbing and massaging them. I sighed and relaxed completely, letting her do her thing.

She obviously knew what she was doing with this, too, as I felt myself getting close to climax again. "I'm about to..." I warned her.

"Uh-huh", she said, without stopping what she was doing. She deep-throated me, and kept at it, sucking and moving my cock in and out of her mouth faster than before, keeping the suction constant and her movements smooth. I moaned a little bit and rocked my hips gently as I blew my load in her mouth. She swallowed it and started licking my cock for the excess, sucking gently on the tip of my now-flaccid penis for more.

She settled herself back into a position pressed into my side, her perfect breasts pushed against my chest. I rested one of my hands on her breast, squeezing gently, and fell back to sleep.

The next time I woke up it was light out and the lesbian sex sounds were still coming from the television, Mya was no longer lying beside me. I sat up groggily and thought I was still dreaming.

Brenda was there, kissing Mya, the two of them tangled together on the floor, hips gyrating and rubbing against each other.

Mya broke away to look up at me. "Your dream last night gave me an idea."

Brenda turned to look at me, smiling. "Hi, there! Mya came over to get me earlier with an offer I couldn't refuse. She told me how you handled Brian last night, I wanted to thank you personally for standing up for pretty woman intellectuals." She untangled herself from Mya and crawled over to me. She kissed me on the lips, firm and sensually, then pulled away. "I want you to watch Maya and I fuck each other."

Mya came up behind her with a big, pink dildo, and pushed it into Brenda's pussy. I couldn't see clearly from the angle I was at, but I saw Brenda's face and heard her moan. Brenda pushed herself onto her back and had her legs spread out so I could actually see the dildo inside her pussy. Mya started moving it in and out, then crawled up while keeping her hand in place so that she could suck and lick Brenda's huge breasts while fucking her with the dildo.

My cock was getting harder by the second.

Brenda was moaning and it started to get louder as Mya continued fucking her faster with that dildo. "Oh, mmm, uh huh, oh... yeah..."

Mya crawled down so her face was at level with Brenda's pussy, still fucking her with the dildo, and started flicking her tongue on Brenda's clitoris. Her tongue moved fast, flicking and licking, occasionally sucking for a second, as Brenda started to cum.

"Oh God, yes! Fuck, yes! OH GOD, I'M CUMMING! OH GOD, OH, FUCK, OH GOD, FUCK... YES, YES!"

Brenda's back arched and her breasts were pushed up so I had an excellent view of them bouncing and moving as Mya continued to fuck her with the dildo.

Her orgasm lasted for several minutes as she moaned and screamed with pleasure, I stroked my cock slowly, watching her tremble.

Finally, her orgasm died down, and Mya slowed the dildo. Her moans were slower and quieter and Mya pulled the dildo out. Then Brenda sat up and pushed Mya onto her back, spreading her legs. Brenda started licking Mya's pussy, slowly at first but then with more vigor. Her wonderful ass was up and pointed right at me where I sat on the futon, still drenched from her orgasm.

She paused what she was doing and turned to look at me for a second. "Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me just how you want it while I eat this delicious pussy."

I didn't need to be asked twice, I got down on the floor, on my knees and entered her pussy. Oh fuck, it was absolutely soaking wet! And just as tight as Mya's, if not tighter, so warm and wrapped around my cock! It felt incredible!

I started fucking her slowly, but gained speed as I went. The girls were both moaning with the pleasure. Brenda stuck her fingers up into Mya's pussy as she licked, and started fingering her while continuing to lick her. I kept fucking Brenda, faster and faster.

They both started cumming around the same time, moaning louder and louder to the point of screaming, begging for it not to stop. I kept it up longer, this time, until Brenda's screams were just barely starting to die down and Mya's had reduced to soft moans. "I'm gonna cum," I said.

"Cum inside me," Brenda said, between screams of pleasure. "I want you to cum in my pussy!"

I came a load into her pussy, feeling the familiar tingles throughout my body as I finished. I pulled myself out, her pussy leaking a mixture of juices. She rolled onto her back, and Maya crawled onto her in the 69 position and started licking the juices right out of her pussy.

Brenda started licking Mya's pussy again, and the two girls 69ed each other, lapping and sucking at each other's clits and pussies while moaning softly.

My cock got hard again watching it, and they started to both climax again, moaning louder and louder, fingering each other until they were screaming again. I stroked myself gently as they came, until they were finished and Mya climbed off of Brenda. They looked at me, sitting there on the floor with my cock up, stroking myself, and simultaneously crawled over to me.

Suddenly, they were both licking my cock. They each took one side, licking, one of them occasionally sucking the tip, each one of them had one of my balls in a hand, massaging gently.

I have to say, the sight of two incredibly sexy women licking my cock is the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life. They licked and slurped and sucked until the amount of stimulation caused me to get close to climaxing again.

"I'm about to cum," I said.

They didn't say anything, and I squirted my cum all over their faces. They both sat there, mouths wide open, tongues flicking out to catch it with, then they looked at each other and started licking each other's faces to get all the cum off.
