 It was late when I finally got to Darla's, and I knocked lightly on the door several times before she finally opened it. She rubbed her sleepy eyes and squinted.

"What are you doing here?" she said.

"I'm here to see you."

"I thought you forgot about me because you were having a good time with Chloe."

I just kind of looked around and kicked the doormat. I felt kind of awkward standing on her front porch in the middle of the night.

"It didn't work out with Chloe tonight."

She just stared at me and blinked a few times like she didn't understand English. Finally she let me in.

"What are you talking about?"

We stood in the kitchen and she got me a Mountain Dew. The house was real quiet and her Mom was asleep just down the hall, so we had to keep our voices down. I told her the whole story about my night with Chloe, how we went to the restaurant with her parents, then back to her house and watched a movie and how we only had a few minutes alone to get it on and neither of us came. I left out the whole thing with Chloe's Mom. I was pretty sure she wouldn't understand that. I wasn't sure I understood it myself.

Darla pointed to my jeans. "Is that why your dick is so hard?"

"It's been like that all night.

She crossed her arms. "You couldn't get your rocks off with Chloe so you came over here to get me to do it."

"What are you mad about?" I said.

She shook her head. "I just thought you forgot about me. I'm jealous of Chloe."

"I'm sorry. I would have been here sooner if I could."

We got quiet and it was pretty awkward, more awkward than standing on her front porch. Finally she let out a deep breath.

"Look, thanks for coming over and everything but I gotta get to bed because I gotta get up in the morning and my Mom's gonna be pissed if she finds out I got a boy here this late."

She started to walk past me like she was going to lead me to the front door. I wasn't going to let her kick me out. I had a hard-on that wasn't going to go away, and she was the one who complained about not getting enough of it. So I grabbed her wrist and turned her to face me. She looked shocked, but I didn't care about that.

"Just give me a kiss first," I said.

She didn't look too sure about it. "Ok," she said finally, and stood up on her tiptoes and gave me a little peck on the lips.

Before she could get away I put my arm around her waist and pulled her hard against me. She looked shocked again. I could feel the soft pressure of her breasts through her shirt, and I was sure she could feel the hard ridge of my cock through my jeans. I clamped my lips over hers and forced my tongue into her mouth.

Her hand pushed against my chest, but only for a moment. I kissed her harder, forcing my tongue even deeper past her tongue. She went limp in my arms, and when she finally broke away she was panting. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

She told me to follow her to her room, but we had to be real careful not to let her Mom hear. She said if she found me in her room she would kill me first, then Darla.

We got into her bed with our clothes on and pulled the covers over us. We were so excited we were giggling like little kids. Our hands were all over each other, groping and feeling and squeezing. Then she kissed me and I was really surprised. She didn't usually kiss me, and especially not like that. None of the girls did. It was like this unwritten rule that there was no kissing allowed because that might cause us to be emotionally involved.

But Darla had her lips on mine and her tongue in my mouth. I guess I started it in the kitchen, but that was just to get her warmed up. She was well past being warmed up now. She had pushed her knee between my legs and was rubbing her thigh along the ridge of my erection in my jeans.

"Damn, you're gonna make me cum in my pants," I said.

"We can't have that. It would be a shame to waste it," she said.

She unzipped my jeans and pushed them down to my ankles. I was suffocating under the blanket and threw it off. The room was dim with just the night light by the dresser. She was grinning at me and the low light softened her pretty face. She held my cock in one hand, pumping it slowly.

"You got a condom?" she said.

"No," I said, and shook my head.

She frowned. "I think my Mom has one in her purse. I'll be right back."

She hopped off the bed and snuck out of the room. I sighed. It had already been a long night. When she came back, she closed the door quietly and climbed on the bed. I was sitting back against her headboard with her pillows behind me, and my hard cock was sticking straight up.

"I get it," she said, and held up a small, red packet.

"Isn't she gonna miss it?"

Darla shook her head. "She gets laid like once a year."

She ripped off the corner of the packet and removed the condom.

"Is that gonna be big enough?" I said.

She looked at my dick, then at the condom.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean is it gonna fit? It looks small."

She sneered like she thought I was crazy.

"Don't be stupid. It'll stretch."

She placed it on the tip and unrolled it down the shaft. The first couple of inches were ok, but it quickly got more difficult the further she went.

"It's getting kinda tight," she said.

"It's getting very tight. It hurts a little. I don't think it's gonna work."

She got it about halfway down the shaft and stopped, staring at my dick with a frown on her face.

"It's gotta work. This is the only condom we got," she said.

I unrolled it the rest of the way down my shaft. It was really tight and made my dick shiny, like it was encased in glass. She touched it lightly and giggled.

"I just hope it doesn't-" I started to say, when someone knocked on her door.

"Darla, honey, are you sleeping?" her Mom said from outside.

"You gotta hide," Darla whispered, and shoved me off the bed.

I landed on the floor beside the bed and ducked my head just as her Mom opened the door.

"Darla, how come you're still up?" her Mom said.

"I just need to finish reading another chapter for class tomorrow."

"Don't stay up late. I don't want you to be late for class again tomorrow."

"I won't Mom. Good night."

The door clicked shut. Darla leaned over the edge of the bed, directly over my head.

"You can come back now," she said.

I climbed back into her bed. She was smiling and her eyes were on my cock the whole time. It bobbed and swayed like I had a long, thick fishing pole hanging from the front of my body.

"Is she gonna come back?" I said.

"God, I hope not."

She stood up on the bed, looking down at me with her hands on her hips. She had a wide, black belt holding up her jeans, although it didn't appear to be working very well because her jeans were so low on her hips it looked like they might fall off. She unbuckled the belt and unzipped the zipper. The jeans slipped down her legs to her feet. She wasn't wearing panties.

Still smiling, she straddled my legs and lowered herself to her knees so that my dick was sticking up between her legs and resting against her belly. She put both hands around it and pumped slowly.

"I'm thinking of taking up golf," she said and giggled. "You know, it's a good thing I'm older than you. If I was a couple of years younger I wouldn't know what to do with this thing."

"You wouldn't have to worry about it. I'd know how to take care of you."

She laughed. "There's no way I'd let you near me with this thing back then. I was still a virgin."

She lifted herself up and aimed the head of my dick between her legs at her pussy. She was panting, and her pussy was very moist. The head found her opening and slipped between her lips. She cooed softly, until she started to lower herself on it, and winced.

"God damn that's big. Sometimes it goes in real easy and sometimes it hurts like hell," she said.

She squeezed her eyes shut and I thought I saw a tear. She bit her lower lip and pushed herself down. I put my hands on her hips to try to make it easier on her. A few inches went in and she groaned. She looked at me and gave me a weak smile.

"It hurts, you know what I mean? But it feels so good, too," she said.

I sighed. "Yeah. It feels real good to me, too."

I clamped my hands around her hips. Sure, it was hurting her, but I was hurting too. That was the second time that night I had my dick inside a warm, wet pussy, and I wasn't going to let her get away.

She rocked back and forth slowly with her eyes closed, moaning softly. Very slowly, she was taking my dick into her a bit at a time, but not fast enough for me. I wanted to pull her down so I could feel my dick way up inside her but I didn't do that because I was a nice guy and I didn't want to hurt her.

She was rocking faster and breathing harder. Her eyes were still closed and she was moaning softly. I was a little worried that her Mom would hear and come in to find out what was going on.

Darla's mouth opened and she moaned out loud. I clamped my hand over her mouth. There was no way her Mom could have missed that, I was sure.

Darla's eyes opened.

"Aw shit. I came too quick. How did that happen?" she said.

"I don't know. Did it feel good?"

She nodded. "It felt really good. But I came. What am I gonna do now?"

"I don't know."

"Did you cum yet?"

"No."

I stopped moving myself up and down but I still had my hands on her bare hips. Was that it? Was she gonna stop before I got my rocks off?

"What do you wanna do now?" she said.

"I don't know."

I pulled her tight t-shirt up over her boobs. She was wearing a bra that came apart easily and I played with her soft tits and hard nipples.

"You're still horny, aren't you?"

"You know it."

I started pumping my hips again, hoping she would figure out what I wanted. Her eyes glazed over, but I don't think she got it.

"Do you want me to blow you?" she said.

I didn't answer right away. I'd never say no if she wanted to suck on my dick. At that moment, though, that wasn't exactly what I wanted. I rolled over on top of her and she squealed.

"Dorsey, what are you doing?" she said.

I was going to answer, but my full weight was resting between her spread legs and my cock sunk slowly into her pussy. Her mouth hung open and her eyes bulged out.

"Oh God ... Oh God," she moaned.

That was about how I felt. Her pussy was so warm and so tight around my cock. It didn't stop sliding into her until it touched bottom and she flinched. I still had a couple more inches out in the cold.

"What are you gonna do?" she said in a weak, breathy voice.

I pulled my hips back and pushed my cock in again. She bit her lower lip and groaned from deep in her chest. I could see the swelling of my cock under her belly like a snake moving under a blanket.

"Let's see what happens," I said.

She watched my face. A drop of saliva leaked from the corner of her open mouth. I started slow, pulling my cock out to just the head, then pushing it back into her. She groaned again and her eyes closed. Was she enjoying it? I hoped so. It felt pretty damn good for me. It felt so good I did it again.

"Jesus, Dorsey. I love it when you fuck me like that," Darla said.

"Yeah. I know."

I pulled my hips back. Her pussy made a wet, sucking noise. My dick stretched her pussy lips, and she groaned when I shoved it back in.

I looked over my shoulder at the door. What if her Mom was still out there? Just how hard could I fuck this girl without getting her Mom's attention? If she caught us I'd probably never get to fuck Darla again. What the hell. I decided to go for broke.

I leaned over her, bending her legs back so her knees were by her ears.

"What are you doing?" she said, and blinked a few times.

"Just hold on."

I started hammering her pussy. Her eyes rolled back in her head. I don't think she was ready for it. Maybe I should have stopped. At that moment, though, I just wanted someone to fuck.

Her whole bed rocked. I was glad she didn't have squeaky springs. Her Mom would have heard that for sure. The only sounds that came from Darla were weak gasps and whimpers.

I closed my own eyes. I couldn't believe how good her pussy felt. She had never been so tight or so warm. It was like that time Mary climbed into bed with me.

I groaned and squeezed my eyes shut. The memories of that night played like a movie in my head. I could still feel her tight pussy gripping the end of my cock. And she was my sister.

My body tensed. My head went dizzy. It was building inside me, then I let loose and groaned. I was lost in a daze, but I heard Darla gasp. If there was something that happened to her, I didn't notice. I was too caught up in my own good feelings.

When I finally came down, I laid on top of her, panting. She was panting, too. Our skin was sweaty and we stuck together.

"You ... You ... made me ... cum again," she said. She took a deep breath and stopped panting. "No guy has ever done that."

I pushed myself up on my arms. She was flushed red and her skin glistened with drops of perspiration.

"You made me cum, too," I said.

She frowned. "Did you take the condom off?"

"No. Why?"

"Because I feel your cum inside me."

"What?" I said.

I lifted myself from between her legs and my cock fell from her slot. She groaned. A moment later, a flood of sperm dribbled out.

"Shit. The condom broke," I said, and yanked off the shredded piece of rubber.

She held it up and stared at it, blinking like the sight amazed her. The end of it had burst like a balloon, unable to contain all of my sperm. She looked down between her legs. It was still leaking out.

"Oh no. Oh God. I hope I don't get pregnant," she said.

She jumped off the bed and ran out of the room half naked.

I let out a sigh and wiped my forehead. She wasn't the only one who hoped she wasn't pregnant. I should have known that condom was too small to contain what I had, especially when I was so worked up.

I threw the condom into the small trash basket with the flowers by her dresser. What had I done? There was a good chance I knocked her up. I had to smile, though, because it was kind of ironic. That was probably the worst way to get caught, but we would have to get married and instead of fucking all the other girls, I would be fucking Darla all the time.

I had my jeans up when Darla came back. She was shaking her head when she put her jeans back on.

"What's going on?" I said, hoping she wasn't too upset. What was I expecting? I just knocked her up.

"Fuck," she said.

"What?"

She put her hands on her hips.

"I said fuck. I never liked that word. It's an ugly word. There's no way to describe it but fuck. You fucked me. I'm fucked."

"Sorry," I said.

I started to walk past her to the door and she took my arm.

"I didn't mean it like that. I meant I'm fucked in a good way."

"Oh."

"I mean, like you really hit the spot."

"Excuse me?" I said.

She rubbed a spot on her belly just below her bellybutton.

"You hit that spot inside me, that spot that feels so good. You know what I mean?"

I must have looked at her funny.

"No, of course you don't," she said, and shook her head with a smile. "Sex with you is great. It's really good, when we're doing it. After it, it leaves me sore for days."

"Really? I didn't know it hurt that much," I said. How stupid did I feel about making a girl hurt when I wanted to make her feel good?

She just kind of smiled and shrugged.

"Sometimes I'm not sure it's worth it, you know what I mean? I mean, you're so big it hurts. I can take you and I enjoy it, I really do, but I pay for it after."

I sat on her bed, astounded. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Here I thought I was this great, caring, sensitive lover with some great equipment, and it turns out I was causing her a lot of pain.

"Does it hurt for the other girls?" I said.

Darla nodded, but she had a very sorry look on her face.

"I'm afraid so. Don't get me wrong, we love it. It's a good kind of hurt. We just have to take turns with you because we can't take it every day."

"I see," I said. Nothing ever made my dick go soft faster than that revelation.

She touched my shoulder.

"Look, Dorsey. Can we talk about this tomorrow? It's late. You really have to go now. I have to get to bed."

"Oh. Sure, sure," I said.

She helped me sneak out. I didn't mention that it wasn't necessary because her Mom knew our secret. I walked up the street to my car. If Darla's Mom was watching me from her window, I never knew. I resisted the urge to look. Maybe later I'd give her another chance to chew me out for fucking her daughter, or just plain chew me out.