 My tricks with the girls just got more interesting every day. It was just after second hour the next morning when Chloe walked up to me at my locker, grabbed me by the shirt and in front of all the other kids said, "Dorsey, I swear to God you have got to fuck me now."

Some of the people stared at us with their mouths hanging open. The others just split.

"I have to what?" I said, just to hear her say it again.

Chloe leaned closer to me and spoke almost in a whisper.

"You left me all worked up last night. I am so fucking horny you would not believe what I am capable of doing right now We need to finish what we started. If I don't get your cock inside me I'm going to kill someone and you don't want to piss me off because I might start with you."

I grinned. It was fun when she was aggressive.

"So let's skip next hour and drive back to my house," I said. I put my hand around her waist and slid it down to her ass.

"Fuck that idea," she said in a sharp voice. A lot of people turned to look, and I winced. Her hand moved down my front and rubbed the lump in the front of my jeans. "I don't have that kind of time. You gotta do it to me now, or never again."

"I'm cool with that. Where do you wanna go?"

She grabbed my hand and pulled.

"I know a place. Come on."

She dragged me by my arm up the stairs. The hallways emptied just before the bell rang to tell us that we were late for class. I was probably going to have to serve detention for skipping class. For what I was about to get, I'd gladly take a week of detention.

At the top of the stairs I saw where she was headed. We were in the senior locker hallway and the senior girls rest room was right around the corner. But coming in the other direction was Mr. Brown, the Mythology teacher. Chloe headed straight for the rest room, so she must not have seen him. I grabbed her wrist with my free hand and yanked her back to me.

"What the hell?" she said.

Mr. Brown was watching us. I watched him back out of the corner of my eye. I slipped my hand around Chloe's slim waist and pulled her firmly against my body. She looked up at me with wide, shocked eyes. Without a doubt, she could feel the hard ridge of my cock against her soft, flat belly. I kissed her.

Chloe tried to say something, calling me a bunch of unpleasant names. She couldn't get the words out, though, because my tongue was deep in her mouth.

"Break it up, guys," Mr. Brown said.

He was the laid back type, way too laid back to enforce discipline. And the way he said it sounded like he only did because he had to.

Chloe pulled away, leaving a string of saliva that connected our lips until it broke.

"Hi Mr. Brown," she said with a big smile.

He kept walking like he didn't even notice. She frowned. When she looked at me, I must have had a puzzled look on my face.

"What?" she said.

"Nothing."

She pulled my hand again.

"Come on. Let's do this. And don't think that kissing me is going to make me fall in love with you or any of that shit."

I followed her into the senior girl's rest room. I shouldn't say followed because she dragged me faster than I could walk, like a small dog on a short leash.

The rumors I heard about the senior girl's rest room on the second floor was that it was where the sluts went to smoke their cigarettes and fix their makeup, either before or after they screwed one of the guys, but mostly after. I could smell the cigarette smoke before we went in, which made me wonder, if I could smell it, couldn't the teachers smell it as well?

There were two other girls in the rest room already. Only one of them had a cigarette. They both had black hair, one long, one short, both had pierced tongues and eyebrows, and both were wearing a lot of black clothes and black nail polish and heavy eye liner. They broke apart as soon as we came in, like they were in the middle of kissing. The girl with the short black hair rolled her eyes.

"Chloe. What the hell. Why do you gotta bring a guy in here?" she said.

"Shut the fuck up, Eva. Why do you gotta bring your girlfriend in here?" Chloe said.

"You two are girlfriends? Can I watch you make out?" I said.

All three girls looked right at me.

"Shut up," they said in unison.

Eva, the girl with the short black hair, pointed at me.

"You brought this boy in here to fuck him, didn't you? Jesus Chloe, you are so fucking gross."

Chloe laughed. "Oh, and sticking your tongue down your girlfriend's throat isn't gross?"

"I think its kinda hot," I said.

"Shut up," they all said again.

Eva grabbed her girlfriend's hand.

"Come on, Fix. Let's get out of here so I don't have to listen to them fuck," she said.

They walked out of the rest room looking at us with hatred in their eyes.

"Who was that?" I said when they were gone.

Chloe was watching the door like they might come back, and she was fuming. She shook her head.

"She's a bitch. Both of them are, her and her dyke girlfriend. She's on my volleyball team."

"Isn't Amber the team captain?"

"Yeah."

"Why doesn't she kick her off?"

Chloe sighed. "She's got the best set and spike on the team."

She opened the handicapped stall.

"Let's do it in here. There's more room.."

I went in behind her and closed the door.

"Am I the first guy you brought in here?" I said.

Chloe put her hands on her hips.

"That's none of your business. Now get your pants off."

She unbuttoned the front of her tight jeans, pulled the zipper down and wiggled them down to her knees. She was wearing thong panties with a thing strip that disappeared between the cheeks of her ass. She pushed that down to her knees as well and bent forward, leaning on a small shelf with her elbows.

I stared at her ass the whole time I unzipped my own jeans and pulled out my cock. Chloe was looking back over her shoulder.

"Jesus Dorsey. That thing makes me nervous every time I see it."

Her back curved down and her ass pushed out, as if she was inviting me to stick my cock into her. I put my hand on her ass and she flinched like I had stung her with an electric shock. I rubbed the head of my dick on her pussy and she moaned. I pushed the head in and she grunted and tried to push herself away. I put both hands on her hips and pulled her back.

"Shit Dorsey. Don't go so fast. We got time," she said.

She was right. I eased my grip on her waist. More than half of my cock was inside her. I gave her a break to adjust to its size. She would let me know when she was ready to take more of it.

I pumped slowly with my hips. She was deliciously tight, as tight as last night, as tight as any other time I had the pleasure of stretching her pussy with my cock.

"What class do you have right now?" I said. I pushed up the back of her shirt and unhooked the clasps that held her bra together.

"Hm? What'd you say?" she said, and lifted her head from her arms.

"What class are you supposed to be at?"

"I got ... uh, I got ... uh, history."

She was starting to rock with me. My cock was starting to ease deeper into her cunt, a bit at a time.

"I got American Government," I said.

Her tits were free of her bra. I reached around with one hand and squeezed, which made her moan softly.

"Mr. Hand, he's a pretty cool teacher. You got him for any classes?" I said. She didn't answer. "He'd kick my ass if he knew I was skipping class to fuck you. I don't know what would piss him off more, that I was skipping his class or that I was fucking you."

"Mmm," was all she said.

I loved to look at a girl's pussy when I was fucking her. I especially liked the way her pussy lips had to stretch so much to fit around my cock. And I liked how I could drive girls crazy with really long, slow strokes.

I think Chloe was feeling it. The side of her face and her shoulder were pressed against the tile wall, like I was flattening her with my slow, deep pushing.

"So, what's your job like?" I said.

"Ok," she said in a muffled voice. I think her drool was running down the tile.

"What about the volleyball team? Who do you guys play next?" I said.

I think she tried to answer. What I heard, though, was "Mmm." I couldn't blame her. I was pushing my cock deep into her, until she flinched, which meant I was as deep as I was going to get, then I slowly pulled it back out and started again.

Chloe was special. She could take more of me than the other girls, and she could take it longer.

"Oh fuck," she said, mumbling into the sleeve of her shirt.

"Are you feeling it?" I said.

"Fuck yeah," she said.

I started pumping harder and faster. It was great when I could make a girl cum. It was even better when I could spill my seed inside her at the same time.

She was grunting and moaning and her warm, sweaty body trembled in my hands. I was sweating, too. I could feel the droplets trickling down my back.

"Oh God ... oh fuck ... oh God," Chloe groaned.

Her head was down and she was squeezing the edge of the shelf so tight her knuckles had turned white. Her back undulated. Her pussy clamped around my cock and squeezed tighter and tighter, holding it in place so it would no longer slide in and out. I pushed my self as deep as I could go, with her soft ass against my bare belly, and I was cumming.

I grunted and my cum flooded her channel, thick and hot, I could tell. My toes curled in my shoes and my whole body convulsed again and again.

Chloe let out a weak squeal and went limp in my hands. I had to hold her up to keep her from falling to the floor. I pulled her away from the shelf and stood her upright. She was on her tiptoes, almost completely off the floor. It was as if my cock was holding her up. I slid my hands up her waist to her boobs and bent my head forward to lick the side of her neck.

"Stop it, Dorsey. Don't get started with that kissing shit," she said with a sigh. She pushed her hips back and wiggled on my cock, like she wasn't done getting fucked.

"Tell me about Mr. Brown. Are you his girlfriend this year?" I said.

She made a disgusted sound. "I wish."

"You're not?"

"No. Faye is. She's such a bitch."

"Why did he choose her?" I said.

I was squeezing her boobs and she put her hands over mine.

"I swear to God I don't know. After last year I was so fucking sure he would choose me."

"What happened last year?"

I set her down on the floor. She bent forward and put one hand on the tile wall and reached back to her ass with her other hand.

"Are you gonna leave that God damn thing in me all day?" she said.

"I might. You fell really good. So what happened last year?"

She sighed. "I stayed late after school one day and gave him the best blowjob of my life. I was sure that would do it."

"That would have done it for me."

She looked back at me over her shoulder with stern, angry eyes.

"Shut up," she said.

"Maybe he just needs to feel how tight your pussy is."

"Ok. You've had enough. Take it out now," she said, and pushed me away.

My cock came out slowly. She gritted her teeth. Finally it fell out of her slot and swung between my legs like a heavy pendulum. It was as if I had released a cork from a bottle and all of my thick, white cum flowed out of her pussy and down her legs.

"Shit. Why do you gotta cum so much? That's gonna leave a stain in my panties."

She pressed on her belly below her bellybutton and even more of my cum spilled out.

"What time do you think it is?" I said.

She had bent down to pull up her panties and stopped.

"I don't know. Why? Do you wanna do it again?"

"I don't know. I mean, if we got time to kill ..."

Chloe pointed to my dick.

"You're still hard. Why are you still hard?" she said.

I shrugged. "I don't know. Its just hard."

I stared at it. I didn't have an answer. Usually it went soft right after I fucked a girl, at least for a few minutes, before it got hard again.

Chloe put her hand on her hip and stood with her hip cocked out.

"Are you like really horny or something?" she said.

I put my hand around it and stroked slowly.

"I guess so. Wanna do it again?"

She just smirked.

"What happened with Darla last night?"

"I went over and fucked her. I think I got her pregnant."

"Didn't you use a condom?"

"Yeah. It broke. It was too small. Then her Mom caught me in her room."

Chloe's mouth fell open. "No way. Did she see you guys fucking?"

"No. She saw me like this, though," I said, and held my hand out to indicate my dick, which stuck out long and thick in front of me. It reminded me of how Chloe's Mom came on to me, but I didn't think it was a good idea to mention that.

Chloe covered her mouth and giggled.

"Oh my God. Darla's Mom saw you like that? With your pants down?"

"Yeah. Just like this."

"Oh my God. She is like so scary. She scares me. Weren't you scared?"

I chuckled. "I thought she was gonna have a fit or something."

"No kidding. What did she do?"

"She just smiled at me."

Chloe's mouth fell open again.

"She smiled at you? No way."

"Yeah. What do you think that means?"

"I bet that means she wants you. You're gonna have to fuck Darla's Mom now," she said with a sly grin.

I nodded. I knew that was the answer already, I just wanted her to say it, as if it needed to be confirmed. What would she say if I told her about her own Mom jerking me off in the back seat of her car? Would she be so quick to say that I had to fuck her Mom, too?

"So, you wanna do it in our ass?" I said, wagging my cock in her direction.

She sneered. "No way. I don't go for that kinky shit. The other girls, do they let you fuck them in the ass?"

"Only Bridget does."

"Then go get her and fuck her in the ass. You're not going to do it to me," she said.

I put my hand on her ass. She was warm and soft. The corner of her mouth turned up in a kind of smile, but her eyes were narrow and she looked at me like I was crazy.

"Why don't you show me that great blowjob you gave Mr. Brown?" I said.

She held her hand out for my cock. The head glided between her fingers and she squeezed.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" she said.

"I don't know. What was so special about it?"

She started stroking me and it made my knees weak. I put my hand on the stall door to steady myself.

"In the first place, Mr. Brown's dick isn't as big as yours. Don't get me wrong. He's got a good size dick. He's just not ... fucking huge like you. So I can get his cock down my throat Your cock? No way."

"Really? You took his cock down your throat?"

"Yeah. It wasn't good enough for him. Whatever Faye did, he liked that better."

She pushed her jeans all the way down to her ankles so she could squat in front of me. She gave the head of my cock a lick and looked up at me with a smile.

"It's been a while since I tasted my own pussy on a guy's cock," she said.

She had one hand around it and the other hand around the stainless steel bar, and took the end of it between her puffy, moist lips. I groaned. I felt her tongue working over the head inside her mouth. Her head moved back and forth, taking it all the way to the back of her mouth, and she groaned too, then pulled it out and smiled.

"God, it feels good in my mouth. I like how it stretches my jaw. You like it, too?" she said.

"Yeah. I love it."

She let go of the stainless steel bar and put both hands around my cock.

"Let me see if I can swallow it," she said.

She pumped it with both hands, staring at the head like it was a snake that she had to charm with her pretty, alluring eyes before she could entice it to slither into the confining reach of her throat.

"I wish my sister was here to help me with this."

"Your sister?" I said. I was breathing hard and my heart was pounding. It was a little difficult to talk.

Chloe nodded. Her gaze was locked on the tip of my cock.

"She's better at this. She taught me how to suck cock down my throat."

My eyes rolled back in my head and I tried hard not to groan out loud. What was I going to have to do to meet her sister?

"Ok. Here goes."

Chloe opened her mouth as wide as it would go, stuck my cock in and let it slide over her tongue all the way to the back. She gagged, and when she blinked she had tears at the corners of her eyes.

I gasped. The head of my cock pushed into the opening of her throat. It was a tight fit, and the most intense thing I had ever felt.

She pulled it out of her mouth and brushed the tears away with her fingers.

"I think I almost had it. Let me try it again."

She cleared her throat, opened her mouth wide again and sucked in my cock. She sucked it hard, moving her head back and forth rapidly like she was getting ready to ram it down her throat.

That was when the bell rang. She popped straight up like a jack-in-the-box and yanked my cock out of her mouth, scraping it on her teeth.

"Shit, I gotta go," she said.

I just winced and tried not to scream.

She pulled up her panties and jeans and reached for the lock on the stall door when she looked at me.

"Sorry. I'll try harder next time," she said, and then she was gone and left the door swinging open.

I had to pause to take a breath. What the hell just happened? And what was I going to do with the rock hard cock standing straight out in front of me?

I managed to get it back in my jeans, but it was aching to cum again and didn't want to bend. I walked out of the senior girls bathroom with a limp and passed a couple of girls who were going in. One of them said some shit to me. I just ignored her.

I limped to my locker as fast as I could. Fortunately, I got a little softer, which made it a little easier to walk. A few girls that I passed along the way noticed what I was carrying in my jeans and stopped to look. One girl who didn't notice was Faye.

I looked at her differently. She always walked with her head up high and people said she was conceited. But was there a different reason, a better reason? She wasn't really a pretty girl, and she certainly didn't have the hottest body. So what was it about her that made Mr. Brown choose her over Chloe? For that matter, what was it about Mr. Brown that made all the girls in school crazy?

Mark was standing by my locker when I finally got there, and he looked at me funny.

"Dude, why are you limping?" he said.

"I, uh, twisted my ankle on the stairs," I said, and had to do the combination on my locker a second time to get it open.

"While you were skipping last hour?"

"Uh ... Yeah. I had a thing."

"With Chloe Petersen?"

I didn't answer. I just stared at him. How the hell did he know that?

"Doreen Markova saw you making out with her in the hallway. Did you guys go somewhere to fuck?"

"Shut up," I said. I grabbed my books and slammed my locker shut.

Mark walked with me down the hall, shaking his head.

"I swear, I don't understand what she sees in you," he said.

I chuckled, but I don't think he heard me. I would have been glad to whip my dick out right there and show him what she saw in me, if I didn't know how much he hated anything remotely homosexual.

The rest of the day was pretty slow. For some reason, no one asked me why I skipped class, so I didn't have to go to detention. When I got home, Mary was already there, sitting on the couch with her school books and Oprah on tv. Mom and Dad wouldn't be home for a couple more hours.

"Whatchya doing?" I said, after I opened a bottle of Mountain Dew.

"Homework," Mary said, without taking her eyes off the tv.

"What homework?"

"Just some math."

I nodded and took a drink.

"You want some help with it?"

"No. It's pretty easy," she said.

She glanced at me with a faint smile, then her eyes dropped to the bulge in the front of my jeans and she looked away quickly.

I sat beside her and rubbed the ridge in my jeans with my fingertips. I could see her watching my fingers out of the corner of her eye.
