 It was probably a good thing I didn't do it with Mary that night. The very next night was a busy one for me. I could tell from the minute Dad dropped me off at the track that I was going to need all of my energy. Chloe was picking me up at the end of the night, and I was looking forward to the chance to get it on with her again. But it wasn't just that. Just from the look in Ellie's eyes, I could tell there was something on her mind.

There were already people waiting when Webb and I opened the track. It was going to be a busy night, and it was pretty much non-stop for the first couple of hours.

Ellie sold tickets at the booth. We ran the karts at full capacity. Each kart that broke down got rolled into the shop and replaced with a backup kart, until I had about half a dozen karts waiting for service. I probably wouldn't get to all of them tonight, which meant a long day for me when I came in on Wednesday.

It took an hour or so before Ellie came out with what was on her mind. A group of riders brought their karts in and hopped out, and Webb and I loaded up the next group, made sure they were strapped in, and sent them out.

I was standing at the gate, away from the line of people waiting their turn for a ride. It was a beautiful, clear day, and already as the sun was going down it was cooling off.

Ellie came out of the office and walked toward me. There was a lull in the customers. There was something different about her. In the first place, she was carrying a pop in a cup with ice and a straw, which she gave to me. She never did that. I always had to buy my own pop. It was a Mountain Dew and felt good on my dry throat. She definitely had something going on.

It was the way she was dressed that was different. Not so much what she was wearing, because she had jeans and the same red polo shirt with the track name and logo on the left side of the chest. It was the way she was wearing it that was different.

Usually, her jeans were loose and baggy. Today, they were tight, and hung a little lower. And her shirt was unbuttoned, which showed a lot of her chest and even the gold chain around her neck. Every other day she had all but the top couple of buttons done up, like she needed to keep herself hidden. It wasn't like some mystery. Any guy with a pair of eyes could tell that she had a fine body and big boobs under her baggy clothes, even if she was a little overweight.

"Thanks," I said, and took a long drink of pop.

She stood with me by the fence, away from all the people in line.

"It's gonna be a busy night," she said.

"Yeah."

I was facing the track and didn't look right at her, but sideways, out of the corner of my eye. She was about ten years older than me. So why was she trying to look like one of the girls from school? Was she coming on to me?

"Dorsey, you got a minute?" she said.

"I got about three more laps," I said, and sucked up another big drink of pop.

She turned and draped her arms over the fence, facing the track with me.

"Something's been bothering me all night. I just gotta ask."

"What's that?"

"Last night, you know, out back, you told Webb he had a nice cock," she said.

"Yeah. So?"

"So what's up with that? Are you gay?"

I laughed. "No. I'm a long way from being gay."

She shook her head. "I guess I'm confused."

"He has a nice cock, that's all," I said with a shrug.

She turned sideways to face me, with one arm on the fence. I glanced at her. The front of her shirt was stretched to one side and I had a clear view of most of one boob.

"That's an odd thing to hear from another guy," she said.

"What do you care what I said?"

She was having an effect on me, and it wasn't just from looking at her boob. Talking about cocks with a girl was an easy way to get turned on. I kept my back turned to the people in line so they wouldn't see the bulge growing in the front of my jeans.

"Just curious, that's all." She took the pop from my hand, took a big drink, and handed it back to me. "I mean, I guess I wouldn't expect one guy to make a comment about another guy's cock, unless he was really confident about his own cock. Don't you think?"

I smiled. "I'm not sure I know what you mean."

"I guess what I'm trying to say is if you think Webb's got a nice cock, you must think you have a nice cock, too."

There was something about a girl using the word cock that drove me nuts. If she was trying to get me turned on, it worked. My hard cock stretched down the leg of my jeans. So I turned to face her and let my hand slide down over the front of my jeans. Her eyes followed, and got real big.

"I don't know. You tell me," I said.

She stood there staring for a long time, with her lips parted in a tiny O shape. The laps ran down and Webb guided the riders into the staging lanes. The riders hopped out of the karts. At the ticket booth, a line of customers was starting to grow. Ellie's eyes looked up to mine and she had a sly grin on her lips.

"Come to my office when you get a break. We'll talk about it some more," she said, and walked off back to the office.

I took a second to watch. Her ass was squeezed into a pair of jeans that looked a size too small, and she shook it side to side like she was putting on a show for me and anyone else who cared to look. I grinned. So what if she was a little heavy? Bigger girls looked hot, too.

Webb was waiting for me by the gate. I walked toward him, with my own show in the front of my jeans for anyone who cared to notice. We opened the gate and took tickets from the riders until we had all the karts filled. Most of the riders were kids, and one or two of them with their fathers. The mothers stayed on the other side of the fence, and if any of them noticed what I was carrying, I didn't wait around to see their reactions.

We were steady for the next hour or so. On weeknights it usually tapered off around nine thirty, half an hour before we closed. That was when I would usually get started on the broken down karts.

Most of them were easy fixes, like a flat tire or a throttle linkage that came disconnected. Even though Ellie asked me to come to her office, I decided to fix the easy karts first. One kart had a jammed axle bearing. The engine on another kart had no compression. It would have to be pulled and torn apart so I could decide if it could be rebuilt or if there was a more serious problem, like a cracked block. One day I hoped to build a real engine, a V8, to go in the hot rod I was going to build for myself. That was going to take a lot more money, though, than what I was making at the kart track.

My dick was hard again. It had softened since Ellie came out to talk to me, but just knowing that she was in the office, waiting for me, got me all worked up. I washed my hands and went inside to find her.

She was in the ticket booth with Webb. He was sitting on the counter with one foot on the pop machine. She turned around in the chair when I came in. Her eyes looked down at the front of my jeans, then up to my eyes and she smiled.

"Webb, go get the trash, will you? I need to talk to Dorsey about the karts," she said.

Webb hopped off the counter and I stood aside to let him out. Ellie sat in the chair, smiling at me. She let her knees part a bit.

"Do you wanna talk about the karts in here?" I said.

She looked around the booth at the windows. With the overhead lights on outside, it was as bright as daylight, but with a ghostly pale tint. She stood up.

"Webb can handle any customers. Let's talk in the office."

I stood aside to let her go through the door ahead of me. She turned so her soft ass brushed the front of my jeans. I put my hand on her ass and she looked over her shoulder at me. Her eyes narrowed like she was going to snap my head off, but she didn't say anything.

I followed her into the office. It had an old steel desk with papers and books piled on it and shelves along one wall cluttered with more books and papers and junk. Everything in the room had a coating of greasy dirt like it hadn't been cleaned in ten years.

"Lock the door," Ellie said.

I shut the door and turned the lock. It clicked, but I wasn't sure it would hold. Someone could just walk in on us.

She sat on the front edge of the desk. Her hands gripped the edge with her arms straight at her sides.

"What do you want to do?" she said.

I sputtered. What did she say? I thought she was the one in charge. I couldn't help the big grin that split across my face. This was going to be fun.

"Sit down right here," I said, and moved the old, padded wooden arm chair in front of the desk.

She sat in the chair with her hands on her knees. I smacked the top of the old desk.

"Is this where Mr. Rodriguez fucks you?" I said.

For a second, her eyes looked frightened that I had discovered her secret, but then she shrugged as if it was something everybody knew.

"He's a very kind man," she said.

I snorted. "I bet he's got a nice cock, too."

"He does," Ellie said, as if we were in a courtroom and I was cross-examining her.

I unzipped my jeans, reached in and pulled my cock out. Her eyes got wide.

"It's too bad he's not here right now," I said.

She reached for my cock, shaking her head.

"I'd say it's a good thing he's not here," she said.

Her fingers closed around my shaft. Her touch was soft, warm and delicate. She'd handled large cock before. She lifted it to her open mouth and started sucking. I sighed and leaned back against the edge of the desk.

"Is that how you suck on Mr. Rodriguez's cock?"

She took my cock out of her mouth and licked the head.

"He likes to sit in the chair behind the desk. He likes it when I lick his balls. It gives him a power kick."

"Does it give you a power kick, too?"

She smiled. "Yeah. And he pays me really good for it."

Her lips smacked when she sucked the fat head of my cock into her mouth. She only had a couple of inches and moved her head back and forth, with both hands around the shaft. Her hair swung with the rocking motion of her head and her bangs draped just over her eyes.

"So why are you sucking on my cock?" I said.

She took it out of her mouth and stared at the head like she was trying to come up with an answer.

"Power turns me on. I get off on guys with power. I love your cock. A big fat cock ... That's power," she said.

"You're a good cock sucker," I said.

She looked up at me with puzzled eyes.

"No one ever called me a cocksucker before."

"It's true. You got a pretty mouth. I like the way it fits around my cock."

She smiled real big, showing her straight, white teeth.

"Thanks."

"Put both of your hands behind your back like they're tied up. Just use your mouth," I said.

She hooked her arms behind her back.

"Like this?"

"Yeah. Now show me what you can do with your mouth."

Her eyes sparkled with the playfullness of a young girl. She attacked my cock, jamming it down her throat like she was trying to choke herself on it. I groaned and nodded. That was the kind of action I liked to see. But I didn't want her to make me cum, not yet. I let her suck on my cock for another couple of minutes, then I pulled her to her feet.

"What are you doing? Don't you want me to suck you off?" she said.

"Not right now. You can taste my cum next time. I wanna stick it inside you first."

"That's cool. Mr. Rodriguez usually wants me on my back. He's old fashioned like that."

I smacked her ass with my open hand as hard as I could. Her head snapped around. She had a look of shock, with her mouth and her eyes open wide, and she put her hand over the spot on her ass that I just smacked.

"What was that for?" she said.

"I didn't come here to talk about Mr. Rodriguez So you can just drop it."

Her mouth closed and her jaw pushed out.

"What did you come here for?"

I put my hand around my long, hard cock and pumped it slowly.

"I came here to fuck you. Now pull your pants down."

For a second, she stared at me like I was crazy. Then she unzipped her jeans and shoved them to her ankles. I nodded. I could get used to being in charge.

"Bend over," I said, pointing to the desk.

"Aren't you gonna eat my pussy first?"

"No. Bend over."

I smacked her ass again and she yelped.

"Stop it. That hurts," she said.

"You think that hurts as much as this is gonna hurt when I shove it in your pussy?" I said, and waved my dick at her like a flag.

She frowned. "You're so mean."

She bent forward, put both hands flat on the desk and looked back over her shoulder. Her legs were tied together by her jeans like cuffs around her ankles and she pushed her ass up like she was giving me an invitation. I didn't need an invitation. I moved up behind her and slapped my cock down on her tender ass.

"Please, Dorsey. Don't tease me," she said.

I almost said I was sorry, but stopped myself before I forgot that I was the one in charge today.

I stuck my hand between her legs and found her pussy, which was already warm and wet. She moaned. She was still watching me over her shoulder like she wanted to make sure I didn't so anything to hurt her. I couldn't guarantee she wasn't going to feel something.

With one hand, I peeled apart the lips of her pussy. With my other hand, I lined up the fat, swollen head of my cock with her tiny, pink slit. I pressed it in and she groaned.

The head of my cock made no progress, so I pushed harder. She moaned and her face screwed up like she was feeling some discomfort, then the head popped in. Her back arched.

"Oh God, Dorsey. Take it easy on me, will you?" she said.

"I'll take it easy when you take the whole thing," I said.

Her head was tilted way back. Her hands had clenched fistfuls of what looked like important papers, and she was on her tiptoes.

I had one hand on her soft ass. With my other hand, I grabbed a handful of her long, tangled hair and pulled like the reins of a horse. She screamed. A little more than half of my cock sunk into her tight, wet pussy.

I panicked. Did I hurt her? Was I getting carried away with this being in charge thing? She turned to look at me over her shoulder with angry, black eyes, and I was sure she was going to bite my head off.

Instead, she had a growl like a tiger in heat.

"Then you better give me every fucking inch of that cock, you son of a bitch," she said.

I should have smacked her on the ass again for calling me a son-of-a-bitch. After all, I was the one in charge. However, I was distracted by her reaction to having half of a cock that was clearly too big for her brutally shoved into her delicate body. She should have been begging me to take it out.

I rocked my hips back and forth a few times. Did she know what she was asking? Her arms stretched out for the far side of the desk, knocking stacks of books and papers to the floor. She was whimpering and trembling in my hands. Few girls could take the whole thing their first time. Even fewer could take the whole thing ever.

I put my hands on her hips and rocked myself back and forth slowly, sliding my cock in and out of her pussy. She had a bottom, and it was only another inch or two before I hit it. She let me know.

"Ow, Dorsey. Jesus, that's too deep," she said with her teeth clenched.

"You got it as deep as it's gonna go, baby," I said.

I didn't tell her that I still had three or four inches out in the cold. She didn't need to know that. I just held on to her hips and started fucking. She whimpered and flinched when I hit bottom again and again. I could feel the head of my cock banging against her resistance.

Someone knocked on the door. I froze like a statue. Ellie must not have heard, because she groaned out loud. Before I could figure out what to do, the door opened and Webb stuck his head in.

"Whoa. Sorry guys. Dude, your girlfriend is here," he said.

"I'll be out in a minute," I said.

He lingered at the door for a second with wide eyes until he saw me glaring, then he ducked back out.

"Who was that?" Ellie said.

Her head was on the desk, like she was too weak to hold it up.

"My girlfriend is here," I said.

She wasn't really my girlfriend, but so what? It was easier than having to explain the whole thing. I pulled my cock out and she groaned.

"Where are you going?" Ellie said.

"I'm going to fuck my girlfriend," I said.

I had to bed my cock down to get it in my jeans. It was so hard it didn't want to bend, and I gritted my teeth.

"What about my ass?" Ellie said.

I rubbed my hand over her soft, red ass and gave it another smack. She yelped again. I stopped at the door.

"I'll take care of your ass next time," I said, and walked out of the office.

She'd never forget who was in charge. I had no doubt, though, that I would pay for that insolence later.

Webb was in the hall outside the ticket booth. He had a big grin when he saw me.

"Dude. When did you start fucking Ellie?" he said.

I looked at the clock inside the ticket booth.

"About fifteen minutes ago."