 I waited in the kitchen. Chloe's Mom was yelling at the girls pretty good. Her voice practically made the whole house shake. It wasn't fair that they should get yelled at when we were just having fun. I wasn't sure who I felt worse for, Chloe because she didn't get my cum, or Ginger because she did.

The shouting stopped. The bedroom door slammed, and Mrs. Petersen started down the stairs. I was a little worried. Could she really kill me? Hell, that wasn't even what I was worried about. I hoped I hadn't ruined any possibility that I could be the one to take Ginger's virginity.

Mrs. Petersen was seriously steamed. That much was clear from the black, evil expression on her face. I had definitely gone too far with Ginger. It was too bad I enjoyed it so much.

"How could you?" she said.

"How could I what?"

"You know what, you son of a bitch. How could you do that to Ginger? How could you violate my niece like that in my own house?"

"I know how old she is," I said.

"That's it? That's what you have to say for yourself?"

"What do you want me to say? She practically begged me for it," I said.

The tone of my own voice surprised me. Who was I to yell at Mrs. Petersen just as loud as she was yelling at me, especially after what I did?

"What makes you think it's all right with me if you just do that with Chloe in her room? Don't you have some place to go?"

"No," I said.

Suddenly she became quiet. The whole house was eerily quiet. I could hear the floor boards creak as she shifted from one foot to the other.

"I'm surprised you didn't kill that poor girl," she said.

I snorted. "In a few days she'll be begging me to do it again."

She put her hands on her hips and shook her head.

"When did you become so ... incorrigible?"

I opened the refrigerator and got out a Mountain Dew.

"It was Ginger. Getting my dick sucked always gets me worked up," I said, and took a big drink.

"I could have you arrested. I could have you put in jail."

"Ok. But can I get a ride home, first?" I said.

Her eyes glanced down at my crotch. My dick had softened, but still showed in my jeans.

"Let me get my purse," she said.

She drove straight to my house. It was getting late. Mom and Dad were going to wonder what I was doing out so late. But she drove right past my house. The lights were on. Dad was probably watching the news.

"That was my house," I said.

She looked out my window as we drove past.

"Yeah. You're gonna be late."

She kept driving. I turned to look at her. It was hard to see her face in the dark, but I think she had a smile. What was she up to? Whatever she had in mind, it was making my dick stiffen.

I squirmed and pushed it over to the side to give it room to stretch down the leg of my jeans.

"Uncomfortable?" Mrs. Petersen said.

"My jeans are getting tight."

"That's a shame."

We were on Telegraph and stopped at a red light. She took her hand of the shifter and put it right on the swollen lump of my erection.

"That feels uncomfortable. Maybe you should take it out," she said.

The light turned green. She put the BMW in gear and started off. I unfastened the seat belt, unzipped my jeans and pushed them down to my knees. My hard cock stood straight up, half in the shadow and half in the light of the street lamps. Mrs. Petersen looked at it and smiled.

"That must feel better," she said.

"It feels ok."

She frowned. "Just ok? What's wrong?"

I sat back. "It's kinda cold out here. I don't want it to freeze."

She slowed the car for another red light and put her hand around my dick.

"My goodness. You're freezing. We should find some place warm to put that," she said, and her hand stroked slowly.

"You got some place in mind?" I said.

"How about my pussy?"

I grinned. "What about Ginger? Aren't you still mad that I violated your niece?"

Mrs. Petersen shrugged. "It was bound to happen. Her mother will never know. She's too busy trying to get cock for herself."

"You should introduce me to her," I said.

A minivan pulled up next to us. The woman driving had three kids with her, and she was talking on a cell phone. She looked down into the car at me and her eyes got big.

"Forget about her. She's just a stupid bitch. You're too good for her."

The light changed to green. Mrs. Petersen let go of my cock and put the shifter in gear. We drove off, leaving the woman in the minivan behind.

"Have you ever fucked my daughter at the school?" she said.

"Once," I said.

She switched the blinker on and made the turn into the school parking lot. It wasn't crowded, but there was a group of cars parked near the gym doors. Something was going on late.

"That's taking a big chance, don't you think?" she said.

She parked the car among the group of cars, under a light pole.

"I take a lot of chances. It's worth it, especially when I get to fuck a girl like Chloe."

She turned off the car and turned to look at me.

"Get in the back seat," she said.

I shook my head.

"I don't like it when you order me around."

"I don't care what you like and what you don't like," she said.

"You will and you're not gonna do it any more."

She laughed. "Listen to you, Mr. Big Shot. What are you gonna do, order me around?"

"Yes," I said.

I had my hand around my cock, pumping up and down. She was struggling to keep her eyes off of it.

"I'd like to see you try," she said.

"Ok. Get in the back seat."

She crossed her arms. She was trying to be stubborn, but the corner of her mouth was turned up.

"What if I say no?" she said.

"You won't."

She squeezed her lips together and narrowed her eyes like she was getting ready to punish a stubborn child, but she couldn't hold it, and her face broke into a smile. She got out, folded the driver's seat forward, and climbed into the back seat.

"Do you want me to take my shorts off?" she said, with her hands on the bottom of her shorts.

"Why?" I said.

She had a blank, confused look on her face.

"If you're gonna fuck me, wouldn't it be easier if I took them off?"

I turned and laid my arm over the back of the seat.

"Who said I was going to fuck you?" I said.

She smiled. "Then you want me to blow you?"

"I don't know. I already got three blowjobs tonight."

She looked confused again.

"Ok. Chloe and Ginger. When did one of them have time to blow you twice?"

"Chloe's not the only girl who likes to suck my cock."

She just stared at me and blinked a couple of times. I looked around to make sure no one was nearby who would see me with my cock hanging out. Someone was bound to see us. I couldn't do anything about that.

I pulled my jeans up only enough to walk without falling over, but left the front open with my cock hanging out. I opened the door and got out, holding my jeans up with one hand. My cock flopped around in the cool air. I got in the back seat with Mrs. Petersen, and she watched my cock the whole time with a big, goofy grin.

"Take your pants off," I said.

Her face became cross, but it lasted only for a second, and she smiled.

"Ok. Anything for you, baby."

She pushed her shorts all the way down and dropped them in the front seat. She was wearing plain, cotton panties and whipped those off, too. Her ass was bigger and rounder than Chloe's, but still good looking.

"You've kept me waiting too long for this," she said.

She leaned over the front seat and climbed over my lap, facing the front of the car. I put my hands on her ass to help guide her into position. Her ass was soft and warm, not like the firm, smooth flesh of her daughter's ass. My fingers sunk in a little better.

"Promise me you'll go easy on me, baby," she said.

"I can't promise you anything. You're just gonna have to feel it," I said.

My cock poked her ass cheeks. She had to lean forward, over the back of the front seat. Her legs were spread wide, with her right foot on the door sill to my right side, and her left foot all the way over on the other side of the hump in the floor, which pulled her pussy lips apart. She was already moist, and a drop of her pussy juice ran down the inside of her thigh.

I rubbed the head of my cock along her wet slit and she moaned.

"Damn it, Dorsey. Don't tease me like that," she said.

"I'll tease you all I want. You don't fuck me until I say so," I said.

She made an aggravated growling noise between her clenched jaws and I couldn't help but grin. Being the boss was fun.

I rubbed the head of my cock over the bump of her clit and her ass squirmed. She moaned, but her mouth was squeezed shut, like she didn't want me to hear it.

Finally, I decided she had waited long enough. Or maybe I decided I had waited long enough. I wanted to feel my cock in a tight pussy again. I didn't get enough of Ellie's pussy. I would have preferred to fuck Chloe, but at the moment, I was going to abuse her Mom.

With one hand, I held my cock still so the head was touching her warm, pink opening. With my other hand, I grabbed her hip and pulled her back. The lips of her pussy opened like the petals of a flower around the head of my cock. It sunk into her pussy a few inches before she groaned out loud and resisted.

"Jesus, Dorsey. You're gonna kill me with that thing," she said.

"You're fine. It's not gonna kill you," I said.

I let go of her hip anyway. She was tight, and the last thing I wanted to do was cause her too much discomfort, especially for her first time.

"How does Chloe take that thing?" she said.

"She can only get about half of it inside her."

"Half? Are you serious? I don't see how she can take any of it."

She was looking back at me over her shoulder. Her face was twisted in pain. It would have been so easy to grab her by both hips and pull her all the way down on my cock. Her warm, tight pussy would feel so good, and I could fuck her hard until I filled her up with cum. I sighed. Why couldn't I be that kind of guy?

Mrs. Petersen clenched her teeth. She started moving her ass up and down on the few inches she had inside her.

"I think I'm beginning to understand why Chloe likes to fuck you so much. What have I been missing all these years?" she said with a sigh.

Her pussy made a wet, sucking sound. She pressed herself down on my cock and another couple of inches slid in slowly, which made her groan. All I could do was sit still and watch. I pushed up with my hips once, but she winced and groaned. That was too much, too fast for her. I just let her do the fucking. Every girl was different. She would let me know how she wanted it.

For a long time she rocked herself back and forth on the top half of my cock. I didn't mind that at all. I pushed her blouse and her bra up over her tits and squeezed them and teased her nipples. The harder I pinched and the harder I squeezed, the faster she rocked her hips and the more she pushed down on my cock.

"Dorsey, baby. Don't do your cum in me, ok? I'm in heat right now. Chloe's the on the pill, not me," she said between her low moans and faint gasps.

"Then you better get off now because you're fucking tight and you're gonna make me cum and I can't stop it," I said.

"Are you serious? You're gonna cum, just like that?"

"Yeah, I'm serious. How about if you blow me?" I said.

"Do you mean it?"

"Of course I mean it."

She lifted herself off. My cock came out of her cunt slowly like it didn't want to come out at all. Finally, the head came out with a soft pop, and even in the soft glow of the light around us, it glistened with her juices.

"You won't regret this, I promise," Mrs. Petersen said.

I didn't answer. I wasn't regretting anything that we had done yet. But my balls were swollen and ached with a fresh load of cum and I was anxious to unload it on her, whether it was in her pussy or her mouth, it didn't matter.

There was very little room for us to maneuver in the back seat. I turned so my back was against the window on the passenger side. Mrs. Petersen climbed between my legs and bent over me, holding my cock and grinning. She started by licking all her juices off the head and the shaft.

"I love the taste of my pussy on your cock," she said.

Her chin and cheeks were smeared with her own saliva and pussy juices.

She sucked the head of my cock between her lips and bobbed her head like she was drilling for oil. I groaned and bent my head back, but I hit the side glass behind me.

She sucked my cock better than any girl I knew. Who would have guessed that? I never knew that someone's Mom would even want to suck on my cock.

She paused and took a couple of deep breaths. Was she having trouble breathing in that cramped space, bent over the way she was? She started sucking again, and took my cock even deeper. I could feel the head hitting the back of her mouth. She was gagging like she was choking herself on it. What the hell was she doing?

"Are you all right?" I said.

She took my cock out of her mouth and looked up at me. She was panting and her spit ran out of her mouth.

"Fine. Just give me a second," she said.

She hovered over my cock with her mouth open. She took a couple of deep breaths, then dropped her head. My cock plunged to the back of her mouth, and deeper.

"Holy shit," I said.

She did something that felt really odd, and my cock was sliding down her throat. She took the whole thing, one slow inch at a time, until her nose was in my pubic hair and her lower lip brushed my balls. I couldn't breathe. Mrs. Petersen moaned and I could feel the buzz all the way through my cock to the tips of my toes and up to the top of my scalp. Her molars scraped the base of my shaft, but that little bit of pain was nothing compared to the exquisite sensation of my cock in the tight confine of her throat.

She pulled it back out and looked at me with a huge, shining smile.

"What do you think of that?" she said.

My mouth hung open and I just stared at her.

"Any of those other girlfriends of yours ever do that for you?" she said.

"I didn't know that was possible," I said.

Before I finished speaking, she did it again. She opened her mouth wide over the end of my cock and lowered her head. She seemed to have a bit more trouble when it got to the back of her throat. She had to jam herself down on it a few times. When she finally did swallow it, she got it about halfway down and moved her head up and down, like she was fucking me with her throat. She pulled it out again and laughed when she saw my face.

"Oh my God, Mrs. Petersen. When are you gonna teach Chloe how to do that?" I said.

"I hadn't thought of that. I guess I never thought she would need to know."

She shrugged and went down on me again. She had trouble again getting it started down her throat, and when she did get it swallowed, it took her longer to get it all the way down. I don't think my cock had ever been so hard. It must have swelled a little bigger, which probably made it a tighter fit for her.

But she got the whole thing down her throat. The tip of her nose tickled the soft skin of my belly just above my pubic hair. I could feel the tip of my cock tickling somewhere deep down in her throat. It had to be close to her stomach. All I could see in the dim light was the top of her head on my crotch, between my spread legs. Where did she put all that cock in her tony body?

She was moaning and making that tingling sensation that ran through my whole body. It took me a minute or so to realize that she wasn't moaning, but humming. The song was familiar. How did she get the air to breathe?

I put both hands on top of her head and thrust slowly and gently with my hips. I had never felt anything better than fucking Mrs. Petersen's throat with her face against my belly.

I got so caught up in how good it felt that I didn't notice that Mrs. Petersen had stopped humming.

"Mrs. Petersen?" I said.

She didn't respond. Her body was limp on top of me, and I panicked. What had I done? I was sure I had choked her and she was dead, and it was all for a good blowjob.

I tried to lift her head. It was impossible to move in that cramped position, especially with her on top of me.

"Oh please. Not now," I said out loud.

I turned her head up enough so I could see her face. She was breathing. Thank God she wasn't dead. But her eyes were closed. What did I do to make her pass out? Was it when I put my hands on her head to fuck her?

All I had to do was get my cock out of her throat and she would wake up and everything would be all right. I didn't need to get my rocks off. I just wanted her to be all right and we could go home and forget about the whole thing.

So I pulled her head up, but nothing happened. I pushed against her forehead. Still, she didn't move.

"Please tell me this isn't happening," I said.

How did this happen? My cock had swollen and got stuck in her throat and we were stuck in the backseat of her tiny car in the school parking lot. I had no doubt someone was going to walk by and see us. Wasn't that always what happened? And it would probably be someone I knew. I just hoped we didn't get caught by a cop. How was I going to explain that?

All I could do was wait for my cock to go soft so I could pull it out of her throat. I closed my eyes and let out a deep breath. It wasn't working. No matter what I thought of or how hard I tried to relax, my cock was only getting harder. Sure, it was an absurd situation. But how often did my cock get stuck all the way down a woman's throat?

I was going to have to try something different. There was only one other thing I could do to make my cock go soft. I put my hands on either side of her face and turned her head up.

"I hope you'll forgive me for this," I said to her sleeping, peaceful face.

Slowly and gently, I pushed up with my hips. My eyes rolled back in my head and I groaned. It felt good, but maybe not good enough to make me cum. How much could she take in an unconscious condition? I had no choice but to find out the hard way.

I humped her face harder. My pelvic bone banged against her front teeth. Right then I didn't care if I knocked her teeth out. I'd rather work the rest of my life as a busboy to pay for new teeth than have to explain to Chloe and her father how I strangled her mother and his wife with my cock.

There wasn't much room in that back seat to fuck in a normal position. Every thrust of my hips rocked Mrs. Petersen's whole body. Her bare ass slapped against the side window on the other side of the car. That would have made an interesting sight for anyone who walked by.

It felt weird to hump like that and have Chloe's Mom attached to my groin by her mouth. But it was working.

Outside the car I heard voices. A group of women was headed for a car just on the other side of the row where we were parked. From there I couldn't tell if any of them were teachers, or maybe the Mom of someone I knew. If we were lucky, they would keep walking to a car far away from ours.

I eased up on the hard humping so the whole car wasn't rocking. I couldn't stop, though. I was too close to cumming.

The group of women kept walking. I bucked my hips up and came.

"Oh fuck," I said.

My feet slammed against the opposite side of the car. My whole body heaved and convulsed again and again. I held Mrs. Petersen's head to keep her from getting hurt, but it was difficult to concentrate on anything else but my own orgasm.

I must have given her a ton of cum. I could feel it flowing through my cock in long, thick surges. I would never see it, though, because it all went down her throat, probably straight into her stomach.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck," I said.

I fell back against the side glass, panting and sweating. My own body was limp and weak. My cock continued to spasm and throb in Mrs. Petersen's throat, like it was squeezing out every last drop of cum for her.
