 Twas the night before the Christmas and all through the house not a soul was stirring, not even a mouse. With a rustle and a bustle and a clatter and crush down the chimney Santa did rush.

As he stood on the hearth, brushing soot from his beard and cursing the decline in chimney width he checked his list. "Ah yes, little Timmy, good" his hand dipped into his sack and transferred a present to the stocking hanging from the mantle. "Thomas Sr, good" another present, "Veronica, good" a final present. Child and parents done he glanced at the last stocking and shrugged, probably a pet (he'd franchised them out, there was a limit to how much even he could do).

Duties complete he looked around the generously sized drawing room on the off chance he'd been left a little something. As he did so he noticed a form curled up on a rug in the middle of the room. He flicked his list over and scanned the names there. "Naughty... Oh, there it is. Miss Jessica, oh my, what a busy freshman year you've had."

He spied a small table next to the armchair on the far side of the rug with a glass and plate on it. Using all the stealth he was renowned for he passed the girl on the floor and made his way to his refreshments. He savoured the mince pie and fine sherry (though he was a firm believer that the thought behind the gift was more important, it was always nice when someone left out the good stuff). He heard a sound behind him as he pocketed the carrot for his reindeer and half turned to check he was undiscovered.

Behind him the girl on the rug had shifted in her sleep and was now illuminated by the moonlight peeking through the window. Santa's breath caught as he realised she was practically naked. Long blonde hair spread loose around her face, peacefully asleep; a sheer lace robe draped over her shoulders but lay open exposing pert little breasts, nipples semi-erect in the cool breeze from the hearth. Her lithe body stretched down past her tight abdomen and to her shaved bikini zone before long slim legs dropped to dainty feet, covered from calf to toe in long red socks. Santa took all this in and then noticed something written on her belly. He stepped closer and leant over to read "For Santa, eat me" carefully scrawled with an arrow pointing down. He chuckled, the low rumble shaking the room 'a naughty girl indeed' he thought. As he stood a small clod of snow slipped from his suit and fell...

Splat. The snow dropped onto the girl's thigh, melting as it slid down into the gap between her legs. Santa watched it slip out of sight and breathed a sigh of relief, she seemed oblivious. He turned to grab his bag and get out before anything else happened. " Why Santa, going so soon?" A voice came from behind him. He turned to face the now-awake girl behind him "I'm glad I didn't miss you, but this is hardly what I hoped for" she commented, holding up the last globule of snow. Fixing her eyes on his she rubbed the snow over her chest, shivering as her nipples stood stiff and proud. "Though I suppose it has it's uses, I wonder if you have anything else for me" she asked, blue eyes flinging with desire as she rose to her feet and padded towards him.

Santa's eyes flicked to the stocking and he replied with the first thing that came to mind "you've been a naughty girl".

She laughed lightly "Oh I know". Rising onto her tiptoes she gave him a light kiss on the lips before leaning against his broad chest. She trailed one hand over his chest in little circles before it moved down his body as she continued. "They say Santa comes but once a year, maybe I can help you with that". Her fingers traced the bulge in his trousers, Santa was larger than life in many ways. "But first, I left something out for you and it'd be rude to spurn such hospitality".

She grabbed the lapel of his jacket and pulled him after her. She sat in the armchair and hooked her legs over either side, spreading them wide apart and giving him a clear view of her tight teen pussy, beading with moisture. "Please Santa, I know I've been a bad girl, please eat me" she pleaded.

Santa sighed, looking down at the hot and horny college girl spreading herself for him. It was true, he didn't get much anymore since Mrs Claus had left him over the whole Ho Ho Ho foursome scandal. Plus it was the thought that counts and she'd put a lot of effort into waiting for him. And she was spreading her pussy lips to expose the flushed pink within...

With a low growl he dropped to his knees between her legs, tore the hat from his head and rolled up his sleeves. His hands gripped her legs just above the knees and slowly dragged up her thighs, feeling the contours of her toned muscles as he went. He followed his hands with light kisses, lips dancing over her legs as they progressed towards their goal. She squirmed and giggled gently "your beard tickles" she commented "don't stop".

He just winked and continued making his way towards her rapidly lubricating snatch. 

His fingers dwarfed hers when they reached her pussy, her hands withdrawing and letting her lips close. His took their place, caressing her with the delicacy of a master toymaker, teasing her. A finger would run up her thigh, circle up and make the merest brush against her mound whilst the other flicked momentarily against her lips. They circled again and again, each time drawing closer. This time a caress of her clit's hood, now one briefly parting her lips and drawing away a string of juices.

But this was all a precursor, because then his mouth was there. "Ho, Ho, Ho" he rumbled, his voice sending a thrill through her before his mouth sealed over her pussy. His warm breath steamed against her, deep strong exhalations gusting across her clit. His tongue extended and ran up the length of her sex from perineum to hood. She couldn't hold it in and let out a long satisfied groan. He didn't stop, spiralling kisses from inner thighs to hood. Feeling her juices flowing he slowly dragged his tongue down her slit before gently slipping it between her pussy lips to play against the opening of her vagina.

"No more teasing, I need it now!" She cried, grabbing his head and pulling against her sex. He complied, extending his tongue and driving it as deep as he could into her. She bucked wildly as it filled her up "That's it, tongue fuck me" she begged.

He did just that, his tongue pistoning in and out of her wet hole. He grasped her thighs to spread her legs even wider, giving him wide open access. One hand then moved up as his tongue was buried deep inside to caress and play with her clit, drawing it from it's hood. Once it was standing proud he withdrew from his hard tongue fucking and went back to licking and kiss his way up her slit to her clit. He gave it a light, lingering kiss and licked back down again. When he returned to it he delicately sealed his lips around her clit and gently sucked. Her reaction, thus far a succession of moans, was electric. She squealed and clamped her legs around his head. "There, keep there" she panted. As her orgasm built to a crescendo she ran her fingers over her small breasts to her hard nipples, playing with them as a surge of endorphins rushed from her pussy. "Oh Santa Baby, I'm gonna cum!" She screamed, as the wave of her orgasm broke.

He stayed locked in place, licking and kissing at her clit as her juices flowed out to soak his beard. As her legs relaxed their grip he slipped down and lapped at her hole, tasting her fresh young juices.

He rose to his feet, pulling a handkerchief to try and assist in cleaning himself up as best he could. She gingerly rose, unsteady on her feet as the post-orgasmic bliss robbed her of coordination. She leant back against his chest, hugging him tight. "That was amazing, I've never came that hard before. Now, I think I owe you something" she slipped one hand down and felt the large bulge "seems I wasn't the only one to enjoy that".

She sunk to her knees and undid his trousers, pulling them down to his ankles. She was surprised at what she found, Santa was a big man, but not as flabby as you might think. An active life hauling presents and outside looking after reindeer had left him with great slabs of muscular flesh underneath the top layer of padding. He was a massive barrel of a man, but that wasn't what surprised her most.

Santa was going commando. And packing a rapidly hardening 10 inches of thick meat. After a moment of wide eyed shock she reached out her hand and stroked it. It twitched and a bead of precum emerged at the tip. She wrapped her hand around it, marvelling at how her small fingers barely reached around his girth, and drew it towards her. Her tongue flicked out and drew away the bead of precum, moaning gently in delight at finally getting her prize. Her other hand cradled his scrotum, feeling the weight of his balls. "You sure you don't have something in your sack for me?" She asked in between kisses as she moved down his shaft. She worshipped his large cock, kissing and licking all over to moisten it before she started to stroke her hand up and down.

Opening wide she sucked his bulging head into her mouth, closing her eyes to concentrate on the feelings. The warm, pulsing weight on her tongue, slowly leaking salty fluid; the firm flesh under her fingers as the danced along his shaft. Her tongue swirled around his head and she was in bliss. "I'm sorry, but Santa has a schedule" his voice rumbled from above, interrupting her reverie. His hand slid into her hair and held her as he slowly fed his cock deep into her mouth. She managed to take about half of it before it hit the back of her throat and he withdrew before sliding back again. She retook the initiative, if he wanted a quickie, she'd give him one. She started bobbing back and forth on his shaft, sucking harder. She pulled back and sealed her lips around the base of his head as her tongue caressed it and her hand pumped up and down his length.

After a few minutes of intense work she felt his sack start to tighten, the veins standing out on his shaft. She took her mouth off him but continued to stroke "you going to cum for me?" He looked down and nodded "give it to me" she begged "cover me in your hot jizz Daddy"

Hearing her beg to be covered was enough to push him over the edge, a huge spurt shooting out and covering her face from nose to chin. She licked her lips, glazing them with his cum as more pumped out. Spurt after spurt, a dozen big shots soaking her perky breasts and dripping from her nipples. He groaned with heartfelt delight as he released himself, and moaned deeply when she sucked him back into her mouth to clean the last of his load. She met his eyes as she rolled it over her tongue and swallowed it. "Thank you, I always wanted a Pearl necklace for Christmas."

He picked up his trousers "Daddy?" He asked.

"Well you are Father Christmas" she replied.

He quickly gathered his gear, he was well overdue here as it was. She was waiting for him by the fireplace, still covered in his cum but looking oh so cute. "I guess you won't be coming down my chimney Santa tonight?"

"You have been a naughty girl, but if you keep the spirit of Christmas with you all year, who knows what magic may occur."

She carefully rose to her tiptoes again and placed a kiss in his lips "Oh, I will Daddy."

And with a last "HoHoHo" and a twinkle of his eye Santa was gone. A moment later a faint tattoo of hoofbeats faded into the distance and the only sign of his presence there that night were three filled stockings and a jizz covered woman.

And Jessica was good to her word, keeping the Christmas spirit all year. But the tales of the joy this brought are for another time. A Merry Christmas to all, and to all a Good Night.