 These stories follow the sexual adventures of a character named Steve. Women of a certain age would characterize him as a hunk, and he has a laid-back, flirty personality that many women find irresistible. He's also a heck of a nice guy. For the last year or so he's made his living as a handyman. When he first started the business it never crossed his mind that most of his customers would be single women and lonely housewives. We'll ease into the story with a woman named Penny . . .

——————————

Chapter One

I met a girl named Penny a few years back. She's a friend of a friend. Middle aged, but it seems a shame to call her that because she's very youthful and attractive. I'm thirty, and she's probably in her early forties, but I don't pay much attention to age. Penny just seems like a cute girl to me. Something about her smile, with slightly crooked eye teeth, always turns me on a little. I find her powerfully attractive.

I went out to a bar to meet a friend and Penny happened to be there. We didn't run into each other very often, maybe two or three times a year, so it was nice to see her. She was with her friend Mary, who used to date another friend of a friend of mine, and she's about the same age as Penny. This particular night they were together and both looked particularly hot — Penny in tight jeans, a low-cut white T-shirt and a leather jacket, and Mary in a nice tie dye hippie dress. The tie dye look sometimes doesn't work on a 'mature' woman, but Mary pulled it off with aplomb. She's a stunning looking woman and could probably wear anything and look good.

There was a band playing at the bar that everybody wanted to see, so there wasn't much socializing going on until the set break. As soon as the music stopped Penny tapped me on the shoulder and handed me a fresh beer. 

"You look thirsty," she said with a smile. 

"Hey thanks!" I said. "Yeah, it's been a long day."

She seemed genuinely curious when she asked me what I'd been up to, so I told her about my current project, doing a light re-model on an elderly woman's kitchen. She was surprised to learn that I had a handyman business, so I told her a bit about it. 

"So if I need a man around the house all I need to do is call you and give you a few bucks?" she asked, with a sly grin and a twinkle in her eye. 

"Yup, your wish is my command," I said with a smile. Penny and I often flirted. She seemed the type that enjoyed that kind of thing.

After a bit more chatting the music started up again, so we went back to listening to the band. After the show we were all in that wonderfully good mood you feel after watching a good band do its thing. I was leaning against the bar having a look at the cute bartender's ass when Penny came over and set her beer on the bar next to mine. 

"Did I ever tell you about my Dad's camp in the Adirondacks?" she asked. She hadn't, and I was all ears. "He passed away a few years ago and left it to me. I try to keep it up, but the winters up there have done a number on it and it's getting pretty run down in places. Any chance you'd be willing to drive up there and help me decide what needs to be fixed first? I'm willing to put the money into it, but I just don't know where to start."

"Sure," I said. "Any chance to spend a day in the mountains is all right with me." 

She told me more about it, and the area near Long Lake where it's located. Her father was a sportsman, and it's a rustic 'off the grid' hunting camp almost completely surrounded by state land and very secluded. Sounded really nice, like my kind of place. 

It turned out we were both free the next Saturday, and we agreed on a time. When the day rolled around I gathered together a bunch of tools even though it was just supposed to be a 'look around and help me decide' kind of a day. I figured if there was anything simple to fix it'd be nice to go ahead and do it for her. The drive up there was pleasant, and my mood always improves when I pass the "Entering The Adirondack Park" sign on the side of the road. 

After driving another hour or so I was getting close. I had a hand drawn map Penny had given me, written on a bar napkin, and I was a little unsure about where I was, but after a few more miles I turned onto the small one-lane dirt road I was looking for. It went on and on, about six miles into the deep woods. Eventually I rounded a bend in the road and saw Penny sitting in the open hatch of her Subaru, sipping on a beer. I pulled off the road next to her, and jumped out of my truck. 

"Good morning Mr. Handyman," she said with a big smile. 

"This sure is a beautiful part of the world," I said. 

"Oh this is nothing, wait'll you see the rest," she said, and she handed me a cold beer from her cooler. 

I knew we were going to have to hike in a bit, so I had my tools in an old backpack. "Looks like you're ready to stay awhile," she said, and she winked at me and smiled. 

Penny had two insulated coolers with straps that she slung over her shoulders. "Beer and sandwiches," she said. I couldn't help but notice that the straps made an "x" across her chest accentuating her lovely bra-less tits. The outline of her nipples was visible and she looked even sexier than usual.

The hike into the camp was about a half-mile on her private trail. It was a hot summer day and we were both sweating even though we were both in shorts and t-shirts, hers with a scooped v-neck showing off her nice cleavage. 

As we got to the camp the trees opened up on a stunning vista overlooking a large beaver pond, with a marshy wetland beyond. 

"Holy cow!" I said. "This is amazing!" 

"Didn't I tell ya?" she said with a proud smile. 

We put our things down on the rickety front steps and gazed off into the distance. Sunlight glinted off the glassy surface of the pond, and the sense of quiet was astonishing. Other than a few birds here and there, there was no sound at all, not even wind in the trees on this calm summer day. I was overwhelmed by the beauty of it all when Penny snapped me out of it. 

"Wanna have a look inside?" she asked. "Watch your step, the front entry is kind of falling apart." 

We made our way inside and she went around the room opening wooden storm shades, gradually filling the space with light. It was rustic all right, but with the charm of an old-school north-woods cottage. I loved it. Everything was in one room — a kitchen counter across the back, a big round table and chairs off to one side, an old brass double bed on the other side of the room and a wood stove in the corner. A steep ladder led up to a small sleeping loft that she said she didn't use much, with two twin mattresses and some storage. Next to the brass bed was a door leading to a screened porch with a couch and an old upholstered chair, both covered in plastic. As Penny gave me the tour she removed the plastic from the porch furniture, and generally spruced the place up as she went. She told me the couch opened up into a bed, and she loved sleeping out there. I stood quietly for a moment, staring at the couch, wondering if she slept in the nude on warm summer nights...

"You want another beer?" she asked, snapping me out of my impure thoughts. 

"Sure," I said, and Penny got us each one. 

"So tell me what your worries are about the old place," I said. 

She walked me around showing me the problem areas, and asked me what I would do first to make sure the deterioration didn't get out of hand. I told her except for the rot in the front entry porch it didn't look to bad. The metal roof was holding up well, and the foundation looked okay. Those were the most important things. The siding and windows weren't bad except for needing caulking and paint. And the rest of it was mostly small things that could be done a little at a time. I opened up my old backpack and Penny saw the tools and immediately protested. 

"Hey, I didn't get you up here to put you to work today," she said. "I just wanted your opinion."

"I know, but as long as I'm here I might as well do a few things," I said with a smile. "I can't resist, it's in my blood." 

She grudgingly agreed. "Okay, but I'm not going to let you work all day."

Penny showed me how to open up a crawl space area under the camp where her father had stored some spare lumber and a ladder, and she brought out some old jars of nails and other fasteners. I knew there wouldn't be any electricity, so I brought a small hand saw and a cordless drill and a few boxes of nails and deck screws. After taking a better look at the problem I got busy trying to stabilize the front porch and steps. Penny was helping me by using her weight on a make-shift lever to pry things into position while I added support and screwed everything into place. Always the lecherous old fool, I was enjoying the occasional look down her t-shirt as she bent over, and just generally admiring her well-toned body. I'm pretty sure she didn't notice, but I did catch her looking at various parts of me with a slightly different look on her face than I was used to seeing. I got the last piece of wood in place, and the porch and steps were much more stable. It was an unusually warm and humid day for the Adirondacks, and by the time we finished we were both sweaty and dirty.

"Enough!" Penny said. "That's all you're doing. We need to enjoy what's left of this beautiful day."

I put up a small fight because I was on a roll, but she was having none of it. 

"Nope, were done," she said forcefully. "We're hot, we're sweaty, and we're done. Put your tools away and we'll cool off in the pond."

Before I could say anything she had gone inside. I put my tools away, and as I went around the side of the camp to close up the crawlspace I heard the porch door slam and I saw her running down to the pond, naked as a newborn. I stood there staring at her, not knowing quite what to do. We obviously liked to flirt a bit, but this was way more than I expected. As she neared the waters edge she turned and yelled.

"Are you coming? It's heaven on a day like this!" 

I could see the biggest smile of the day on her face, and she splashed into the water with a loud giggle. I stood motionless, my heart pounding and my cock quickly growing. With hardly a thought I was leaving my clothes behind and running down the path. The whole thing felt like a dream. I can hardly remember the jog down the path, just the feeling of surprisingly warm water on my body. I went underwater for a moment, and when I came back up Penny was treading water about six feet in front of me. 

"So what do you think," she said with a smile. 

"I think I'm naked in a mountain pond with a beautiful woman. I'm not sure how it happened, but I like it," I said, a big smile spreading across my face.

Her smile grew bigger, and those crooked teeth made my cock grow a little bigger. What is about that mouth of hers that makes me so horny? She moved closer to me, her eyes twinkling in the bright sun. We were both treading water and we inched closer until our bodies touched, and then we kissed. She slid one hand down my stomach and wrapped her fingers around my increasingly hard cock while our tongues danced together. I was almost dizzy with it all happening so fast, and I suddenly had trouble staying afloat.

We laughed and eased toward shore where we could get our feet down, and I pulled her towards me, my stiff cock sliding between her legs. We kissed as our hands roamed each other, and her ass felt beautifully smooth and muscular. I slowly walked her back until her lovely tits were above the water, and I kissed down her chest and sucked a hard nipple in my mouth while my free hand pinched the other. She moaned and let my arms carry more of her weight, obviously enjoying the sensation. I kissed her again, her soft tit still in my hand, and I slid my other hand through the crack of her ass, my fingers sliding across her asshole onto her pussy lips, reaching all the way around her to find her clit. She gasped and shuddered a bit, kissing me harder, her tongue going wild with mine. I slipped two fingers inside her while I gently massaged her pleasure button, and my thumb slithered all around her asshole. Her body trembled and she broke free of our kiss and let out a loud guttural moan that must have scared the birds from the trees. She went limp in my arms with her head thrown back, and she slowly gathered herself up and looked me square in the eye. There was a look of pure pleasure on her face that only comes in the moments after a nice orgasm. She reached down under the warm water and stroked my rock hard cock. 

"Your turn," she said with a wicked smile.

She walked us back into shallower water and got down on her knees. My cock was in her hand and she looked at it and then up at me.

"Where have you been hiding this big beautiful thing?" she asked. "It's not fair that we don't have a clue when you guys are dressed."

She smiled and swallowed me up in that super-sexy mouth of hers. It was an unbelievable sensation, her wet hands on my wet ass, the warm water splashing all around us, my eight throbbing inches buried all the way down her throat. She backed off and started stroking me, half with her hand and half with her mouth, until I could stand no more. A massive orgasm welled up inside me and rocketed out. At the exact moment it overtook me she plunged my cock all the way down her throat and milked me with every muscle in her mouth and throat, pulling my body tight against her with both arms. My knees went weak and I cried out in ecstasy as I fell back into the warm water with a huge splash. The woman knew how to suck a cock, that was for sure.

We laughed hysterically and enjoyed the moment, me lying mostly in the water, and Penny on her knees, her naked wet body glistening in the sun. 

"Wait here," she said when our laughter subsided. "I'll be right back." 

She got up and ran back up to the camp. A few minutes later she returned dragging a thin camping mattress behind her, with two towels in her hand. As I got out of the water she spread the mattress in a small clearing next to the pond. She looked so beautiful, her well toned body glowing with a golden tan and her sun bleached blonde hair still dripping with water. She threw me a towel, dried herself off, rolled herself face down onto the mattress and stuck her ass high in the air.

"What's a girl gotta do to get fucked around here?" she asked with a huge smile on her face.

I threw down my towel, planted my face in her ass and sucked her pussy lips into my mouth. 

"God that feels good!" she purred. 

I kept at it until she was making sounds halfway between a laugh and a shriek. By that time my cock was rock hard again and I plunged it into her.

"Oh fuck yeah!" she said, and she started rocking back into me with great enthusiasm. 

It didn't take more than a few moments for me to see she absolutely loved to fuck, and was as good at it as she was at cock sucking. I was pumping into her, balls deep and slapping together with each thrust, with as much speed and force as I could muster. We were at one with the natural world, just two animals in the deep woods, doing as nature intended. 

"Don't stop! . . . Don't stop! . . . Don't stop!" She said over and over, her voice getting deeper and more guttural as the words rolled out. 

I had my hands around her waist and I could feel her body tensing. I could literally feel the orgasm build inside her, and then she went off with a loud scream and it was more than I could take. I came deep inside her, and joined in her shrieking, groaning chorus. She collapsed on her stomach and I went down beside her and held her in my arms, her body still twitching uncontrollably. 

"Fuuuck!" she said softly in a breathy whisper.

"You were right," I said quietly. "This place really is heaven." 

Penny smiled and her eyes sparkled in the sunlight. We didn't speak for a while and just enjoyed the sensation of the warm sun beating down on our bodies. After some time passed she rolled towards me and I rolled onto my back. She kissed me and got up on her knees, then spun around and swung her leg over me, sucked my half hard cock into her mouth, and lowered her pussy to my face. There's nothing like sixty-nine for having a good time with a good lover. It's my favorite position, and she seemed to love it as well. I was hard as a rock again in no time, and she was soon the verge of another orgasm. I could stay in that position forever, but she had other ideas. She sat up, spun around again and sat down on my cock, taking me deep inside her in one plunge. 

"Holy shit I love your cock!" she said, grunting and groaning and making all kinds of wonderful noises.

She bounced up and down for a while, and then leaned forward so I could pump up into her. I responded with some rapid-fire animalistic fucking, and her voice lifted to the heavens once again. She came first and it was a beautiful thing to watch. A sexy blonde animal, out in the wild, as free as the wind.