 I was back to my normal activities, swimming, hot-tubing, even puttering around with plantings in the yard. It was a wonderful feeling after having had my wrist in that dang cast for six weeks. I had figured on about a week of stiffness or even pains during the rehabilitation of my broken arm from my fall in the bathroom. My daughter, Lexie, had said to take it easy on my wrist for two weeks after she had her nurse trainee remove the cast in the classroom training program, but it had really only taken about three days, even though I had overused it that very same day during my interactions with Gail, the trainee nurse. It might have had something to do with the follow up visit I had with Gail that next weekend, where she got the second half of the massage I promised her and got to pick my brain for how men think and how they should treat her, while I got a further dose of T.L.C. for my wrist. 

I had kind of let it slip to Gail that I knew what my girls were up to and since I hadn't asked her not to tell, she probably told Lexie about it. So Sophie may come up with just a flat out blind date, or she may have some really unique idea to try to slip it by me. Or possibly, I had scared my girls completely out of being involved in my sex life. I'd just have to wait and see, but it had been five weeks now... 

I had been sort of looking forward to finding out just what my daughter Sophie, my youngest who is 24 and a doctoral candidate in Psychology at the university, was going to come up with for her turn at helping this old man get back into circulation. I mean, yes, I had just been going through the motions for the last two years since my Caroline had passed, but when they had seen my package when I fell in the bathroom, and I heard them talking about how it was such a waste... This business of asking me to help out their friends and/or co-workers would have fooled many people and I guess it would have fooled me too if I hadn't heard their conversation. But Caroline had used me many times to help out women that she had become friends with in just that same way, a safe and knowledgeable partner with no expectations of a continued relationship after a boost to their self-esteem and/or sexual knowledge. 

But you know; I am not dependent on my daughters fixing me up. Now that I had been awakened to that part of my life that had been shut down, I was perfectly capable of keeping myself involved if I wanted. I mean, I even had spoken with Mrs. Bea Good-Hand, my next door neighbor one day when I was planting a new tree down at the end of my driveway. She is a widow since about thirteen months ago when her husband, Tom Hand, had passed from a heart attack. She had been coming into her driveway and stopped to ask some questions while she picked up her mail from the box. We hadn't been chummy neighbors, I'd only spoken to her about three times in the four years since she and Tom had bought the place and moved in before meeting at the mailbox. The thing I most remembered about her from the four years; was that her first name was pronounced in two syllables, with a long E and a short A sound. I think Caroline had only talked with her maybe a half a dozen times, but now I had talked with her at least once a week for the last seven or eight weeks. 

Bea is about ten years younger than me and she is only about as tall as my chin, so I guess about 5 ft. 2 inches. She has an extreme hourglass figure with her waist seeming too small for the rest of her. I'd guess she weighs about 120 to 125 pounds. She has rather long dark brown hair with just a touch of red in highlights, and it hangs very smooth and straight. My Caroline was 5 ft. 9 inches and weighed just about the same but with more realistic proportions, and her hair was curly and blonde, just the way I liked my women; tall, blonde and willowy. 

So Bea isn't my ideal in women, but most hetero men would not kick her out of bed if they got her into one even if she wanted to eat crackers there. The problem was that she lacked self-confidence and needed a little boost to get back into the socializing game. I was thinking of ways that would give her a starting point back into normal social activities. I took her to a book discussion group run through the local library and she joined the club. 

I also took her to a discussion group sponsored by the community center; which is where I found out that she uses the hyphenated name. The discussion that night was about names and how they came about, and we each made and wore a name tag for the discussion. One of the women there was making jokes about those people who had come with someone but had a different name and she noticed that Bea had come with me. She laughed and said she couldn't resist pointing out what Bea's name would be if she married me, Bea Good-Hand-Stroker. Everyone had a nice little chuckle about that, but once the attention moved on, I noticed that Bea was a little distressed. 

"Bea, it was just a stupid little joke. Don't let it bother you. No one will remember it tomorrow and you are much more interesting than any little joke that someone makes. If you are worried about it, just think what I went through in high school with my last name. Gym class showers were one long joke session, but in my junior year, I finally came up with the shutdown line that stopped it; or actually, Caroline did, and once I used it, the joking stopped for good. You won't have to do something like that." 

Bea just sat there and waited and finally said, "Well, aren't you going to tell me what the line was?" 

"Well, okay, but please try not to pass it around... at least, not out loud. Let me tell you the whole story. I had some good friends in school, one was Richard Preston. He was on the football team, he played center. He was about 2 inches taller than me and weighed about 60 pounds of muscle more than me. No one ever got to the quarterback through the center of our offensive line. I asked him to help me with my problem and he asked if I wanted him to pound somebody if they said anything. I told him no, and told him what I intended to do and asked him to go along with it, and he agreed. 

"The next time we had gym class and the jokes started, he made a joke, and I gave him the line. 'My girlfriend can't wait to become my stroker, and if you weren't such a puny dick, maybe yours would too!' I thought for a minute that he had forgotten our discussion because he straightened up and looked really angry, but then he blinked a time or two and started laughing before he said that maybe I was right. I never heard another joke in gym class about my name. The funny thing is, after that, quite a few of the girls in the school started trying to get me to give them a call, but I was with Caroline." 

Bea just burst out laughing and quickly put a hand over her mouth to stifle the laughs. When she noticed people staring, she gave one of those dismissive waves and quieted a little more. Later, while I was mingling, I noticed quite a few of the ladies pull her aside to talk with her and then they'd stand and giggle together. Even a few of the men made a point to engage her in conversation, which was fine since this wasn't a date date, but a chance for her to get back out to socialize. 

***** ***** About four days later... 

"Daddddyy! I need some help." 

"Sure, Sophie, what do you need?" 

"You know that I'm working on my doctoral dissertation; well, my advisor says that she thinks it's going really well, but, I need to show that I understand and I need to include some results from a double blind research study, to give it that final push to make it the best that I can. My first suggestion for a study was rejected because it would require too large of a statistical base and therefore take way too long for me to complete. My second idea is tentatively approved if I can find enough suitable study subjects willing to devote the required time for the complete study. That's where I need your help. 

"For a study like mine, I am not allowed to use anyone who has an employment or employee relationship to the university, and I am placing a restriction that all subjects must be unattached since the study involves sexual matters. I have been able to find sufficient female subjects, and I have been able to find enough male student volunteers for the younger study subjects, however, I am slightly short on mature male subjects. If you can get two or three men that fit the criteria, to consider becoming study subjects, it will enable me to complete the study within the four month time limit that I have. I need at least two men age 50 or above and I figure that out of two or three, at least one of them should be acceptable along with you. Please Daddy, please! I don't know how else I can get this done." 

Well that's a fine howdy-do. This sounds a little too elaborate to be just her plan to keep me out there engaging in sexual activity, so I don't think this is part of the girls' planning for me, but it may be a happy little coincidence that would also achieve that objective, too. 

"Sophie, you know that I'll do whatever I can to help you. I guess I need a little more information before I can try to find men that will meet the criteria. For example; do the men need to be any certain height, weight, or physically fit? Should they have any particular level of education? Is there any restriction like that? I'm assuming that you don't want men who have disfigurements or who have chosen to be celibate for whatever reason." 

"Yes, Dad, there are more restrictions. I'm trying to eliminate extraneous preference items from influencing the results so I want all of the men to be between 5ft. 9 in. and 6 ft. 3 in., weigh in from 190 pounds to 250 pounds; they must have a GED or high school diploma at least and not have disfigurements which could skew the women's interview results. They must be fit enough to enable them to have intercourse with one of the female subjects each week over the eight weeks of the study. And of course it's obvious that all subjects must be disease free to participate. I'll have further clarification of the criteria when the initial interview is taken, and suitability is determined. 

"There are similar restrictions on the female subjects as to height, weight, etc., etc. As I said, I'm trying to eliminate preference factors from influencing the study results. So you wouldn't be interacting with a 20 year old, 5 ft. 11 in. tall girl weighing 110 pounds one week and then the next week with a 50 year old, 5 ft. 2 in. tall woman weighing 300 pounds. Even though the study will only have 8 men and 8 women due to funding restrictions, I will be able to show the use of proper procedure and presentation of results. If things work out, I may be able to expand the study at some later date with commercial or governmental funding after I have my doctorate." 

***** ***** The next Friday after I had spoken with three of my male friends... 

"I want to thank you all for agreeing to participate in the research study. As I am sure you have all noticed, there are 16 men and 16 women here tonight for this review of your participation. This is so that each of you will not know which of the others are participants in the study and which are not participants. I'm sure that all of you ladies have all noticed also that all of the men have very similar builds and other physical attributes, the same as all the women share very similar attributes. 

"Once the study begins, I must ask that you do not discuss the scheduling or any other aspect of the study with any of the other people here tonight to avoid invalidating the data captured for the study. I provided a listing of dos and don'ts to each of you prior to this meeting and your attendance here is your agreement to abide by the rules. I do want to re-emphasize one of the rules; each of you will behave like a gentleman or a lady, meaning that if your partner indicates reluctance to a particular activity, you will abide by that preference. No force may be used! Use of force would bring immediate dismissal from the study and possible legal repercussions. 

"This is the last chance for anyone who wishes to remove themselves from the study to do so. If you wish to quit the study, please contact me prior to leaving this room and I will switch you to non-participant status without making anyone else here aware of your status. I will be speaking privately to each of you tonight, both before and after the study activity. 

"As you all know, this study is being used to complete part of my doctoral dissertation and therefore I am footing the bill for all activities; I want to thank those participants who have approached me to offer assistance with funding by supplying locations free of charge. I also want to thank the volunteers who will be helping me with the logistics involved especially the transportation and housekeeping type services entailed. Some of these volunteers are members of my family and the others are members of my sorority, still others are business men and women of our community. Again, I want to thank all of you for your participation in my research study. 

***** ***** After some preparations were made and we were all shuffled around... 

"Okay, now that you are all blindfolded, I can inform you that just the 16 study participants, I and my assistants are in the room. We have four locations where there are two separated or soundproofed bedrooms available. Tonight, the ladies will select a numbered ball from the bowl which includes the numbers assigned to the men as they arrived earlier. Two men and two ladies will be escorted to each of the assigned bedroom locations and separated to the bedrooms as per this selection. Please remember that there will be no peeking and no talking from now on. After the activities and after the time allowed for showers, and by the way, my assistants will be available to help the ladies with their hair, the four people at each location will be returned here and that is when blindfolds will be removed so that no one will be able to determine who was with who during this time. 

"At that time, each of you will be given a questionnaire about tonight's actual activities and evaluation of your partner. Each of the remaining weeks, we will insure that you do not have a repeat with a partner previously matched with you. Next week, the men will select the numbers for the ladies participating. If there are any last minute questions, please raise your hand now and I will approach so you can whisper it to me and I will answer directly to you or to the group as a whole if that is advisable... Now, with the selections made and no unanswered questions, my assistants will move among you and guide the two matched couples to the transport van going to their destination." 

***** ***** After the ride to the location... 

Sophie had really planned well to insure anonymity of the study subjects. All the men used the same soap and cologne, we all had the same type of clothing; all the women were attired similarly as well and used the same body wash and perfume. We must look like a dance troupe or a choir in our matching outfits. 

I had volunteered my house as one of the sites and it had been accepted. Each participant would be having two visits to each of the four bedrooms to help avoid too much familiarity with the facility used. I was in a strange bedroom for tonight and so far couldn't even guess which woman was my partner. 

After a short familiarization tour of the bedroom and bathroom, the assistant had left us standing at the foot of the bed, touching fingertips. We knew where the massage oil was that could be used for moisturizer or lube, and where the stack of towels sat waiting for cleanup as well as the soap and body wash selected for our use. We knew where there were water bottles and a bowl of chilled fruit if we wanted them. There were chairs on either side at the foot of the bed for placing our clothes when they were removed, and we knew where the alarm clock sat to tell us when two hours were up. We were told that we could use as little or as much of the two hours as we agreed to between us. The two hour limit was set so that we would have clean up time; an hour, to get ready to leave when the night was ending. 

This was going to be quite a change from my usual practices with my dates, I mean, I always used visual clues to determine how my date was feeling about our activities as well as actually asking her what her preferences were. This would eliminate most of those kinds of hints since we weren't supposed to talk at all, hopefully I would still hear moans and sighs of approval from my date. That was how I gaged how successful a date was, the amount of sighs and moans I could elicit from the woman if sex was involved or her replies in conversation if we didn't engage in any sexual actions. 

For right now, I was going to have to go on with the sexual activities with less than half of the usual indicators and feedback and with almost none of the usual preparation since I did not know who I was with. But I had never been a 'Wham, Bam, Thank-you, Ma'am' kind of guy so I'd just go on as normally as I could. I'd never had any complaints before and didn't expect any now. 

Once the door clicked shut behind our guide, I moved half a step closer and brought her hand to my lips to kiss the back. We proceeded from there with some kissing and fondling. Hmmmm, the braille method of getting to know each other wouldn't be a bad idea for future dates and it made for some interesting times in getting naked for continuing the actions. We didn't want to lose contact and have to find each other again so we helped each other in removing our clothing. I thought that it may help her to be more relaxed if we took my clothes off first and so I had managed to move us to my chair and placed her hands at my shirt collar while I undid the first button. She proceeded from there with my help in placing the clothes so I'd be able to find them easily for redressing in the bathroom after a shower. She did some fondling as she undressed me, but not much kissing except on my lips and face. 

Once I was nude, I moved us back to her chair and reached to her collar to start undressing her while I kissed her and started trailing kisses to her ears and down her neck and then down over other parts of her body as they became uncovered. I made sure to hang her clothes neatly over her chair so she wouldn't have trouble finding them to redress either. I have to admit that losing the visual had a downer effect on me, but I made up for it by licking and kissing a few places that weren't high up on my usual kissing locations listing although I had kissed and licked just about every square inch of a woman's body numerous times in my thirty odd years of activity. 

Once she was nude, I shifted her to the side of the bed and had her sit down and I knelt between her legs. I held on to her shoulders and proceeded to kiss her some more from her lips, down her neck, down her chest, across her breasts licking and sucking her nipples, and down her tummy while I slid my hands down to hold her hips in place. When I reached her Mons, she seemed slightly uncomfortable, but didn't stop me even though she took a startled breath when I continued right on down to her slit.  

She hadn't offered to give me a blowjob, she had hardly offered much by way of a handjob, but to me, cunnilingus was just a normal part of foreplay and I had no reservations about including it in our time together. After all, half my pleasure was in making sure that my partner had just as much pleasure as myself, and I hadn't met a woman yet who didn't enjoy being eaten when it was done properly to her. From her reactions, I'd have to assume that either she had dated some very selfish individuals, or she had been in a relationship or relationships with only very inexperienced partners; or maybe it was both. I still wasn't sure of her age even after examining her body tactilely. 
