 He unbuttoned her jacket, slid it down her shoulders and off, and threw it over the back of a chair. Next he unbuttoned her blouse. Her bra latched in the front and he unhooked it and ran his hands over her round breasts. She shuddered, chilled. Her nipples stood out hard and resilient as rubber toys.

"What do you think about when you're jerking off," he said.

"Being on my knees," she said, "with your cock in my mouth."

"Do you like it when my cock is in your mouth?"

"Yes," she said. She reached for it.

"Not yet," he said. "You have to say what you want."

She sighed. "I want it."

"Not like that," he said. "You know."

He leaned forward and sucked her nipple into his mouth, sucked it hard, ran his tongue around it.

"I want to unzip your pants," she said, "and suck your hard cock until you shoot your hot cum in my mouth and I can swallow your load."

"That's better," he said. "Kneel down."

She knelt and looked up at him.

"Take it out," he said.

She unzipped his trousers carefully, opened them, and let them fall to the floor. She slid a hand up inside the leg of his boxers and fondled his balls, his cock.

"Do you like sucking cock?" he said.

"Yes," she whispered. 

"What do you like about it?"

"I like how hard and soft it feels all at the same time. Smooth. Yet powerful. I like the way it fills my mouth. I like when it comes. I like the way the cum spurts over my tongue," she said. 

"Unzip your slacks and stroke your pussy," he said.

She unhooked her slacks, lowered the zipper, slipped her hand into her panties and began running her fingers over her slit. 

"Is this how you masturbate when you're alone?" he said.

"Yes," she said, her eyes half-closed. "I kneel down on the bedroom floor and pretend I'm kneeling in front of you, waiting for you to put your cock in my mouth. Sometimes I suck on my fingers, imagining it's your hard prick."

"Do you imagine me fucking you?" he said.

"Sometimes. Sometimes I imagine you fucking my mouth, and then bending me over the back of a chair and fucking me from behind. I imagine you holding my hips and slamming your hard cock into me. I imagine you fucking me so hard that my feet come up off the floor."

"Do you come when you're thinking about that?" he said.

"Yes," she said. "Usually I come two or three times. I come thinking about you fucking me hard and telling me that if I don't come, you're going to stop fucking me and just jerk off on my face. That you won't let me eat it."

"Do you ever imagine that happening," he said, running his hand through her hair.

"No," she said. "I always come. And you always finish in my mouth. You always shoot in my mouth."

"Is it a lot?"

"It's always more than I can swallow," she says. "I try, but it runs down my chin and drips onto my chest. The thought of that usually makes me come again."

"That's very exciting," he breathes. "That's very exciting." 

"Can I have it?" she said.

"Yes," he said, "you need to suck my cock now and eat my cum. I want to shoot my load in your mouth."

She yanked down his boxers and slid her lips over the length of his erect shaft. He put a hand at the back of her head lightly as she bobbed on his cock. 

"Keep stroking your clit," he said as she continued to suck him and gently massage his testicles. 

She removed him from her mouth and stroked him vigorously. "Shoot your cum in my mouth," she said. "I want it."

She continued to suck and stroke, suck and stroke, rubbing her clit fast now. He could tell she was close, and so was he. When she hunched her shoulders forward slightly, he knew she was starting to come, and he let himself slip past the same threshold, felt that gathering ache and nervy twinge build to a peak, and as her orgasm made her begin to grunt over his mouthed cock, he started to spasm, a starburst feeling behind his eyes as spurts of his hot semen coated the insides of her mouth. The bucked against one another. 

"How nice," she said once her own spasms had abated and she had swallowed a lush mouthful of his cum. She stood, hooked her brassiere, and buttoned her blouse while he reassembled himself in his trousers. There was a tap at the door.

"One minute," she said matter-of-factly, and then to him, "I need that report."

"Gimme thirty minutes," he said.

"No longer," she said, and opened the conference room door. 

"I scheduled this room until two, you know," she said to the woman standing outside the conference room.

"Oh, I'm sorry. It was just so quiet in there, I didn't know you were still in there," said the woman.

"It's okay," she said, "we're done."