 Glad to be out of the car from a long journey.

Entering my hotel room, I toss my bag on the bed and sit next to it. Looking around I think Hum, This will do fine. I'm so lucky to be 2 doors down from his room.

I approach the window and peek thru the curtain. The busy traffic below has no idea what I am thinking. I smile as I envision the evening unfolding. The small balcony deck has 2 chairs and a small table.

He has no idea I am in town. Purposely, I didn't tell him I was arriving. I didn't want to interfere with his focus on his meetings. He would be surprised. He would be speechless. He would become overwhelmed.

I check the time and notice I have a few hours. Unzipping my bag, I hang my red dress and smooth it out and wonder if it was the right choice. Turning the bath water to hot, I find the bubble bath and douse the water fall. Grabbing my robe, I proceed to undress from my traveling clothes and start to relax. I light a little candle and check the water temperature. Putting my hair in a clip, I turn my head in the mirror and try to decide how I am going to fix it later. Climbing into the half full bath, I slide in and the bubbles almost overflow. I reach with my foot and turn the water off as I lay back and relax. Closing my eyes, I envision him glad handing everyone and itching to get out of the conference. Knowing he has been standing all day and doing the job of schmoozing, I know he will be glad to sit down and just put his feet up and let me do all the enticing. Poof of reality and hoping I brought my red fingernail polish.

A nice long soak, and had better remove myself before I get all pruny. As I stroll by the TV, I click it on the music channel and find the nail polish. Opening the sliding door to the deck, I leave it open for the breeze and pour myself a little glass of wine. Arranging the chairs outside, I enjoy the left over sun of the day and proceed to prop my feet up and paint my toes bright red. They will peek out of the strappy heels I brought to go with my dress.

Watching the traffic below, I check the time and think I had better start to get ready. Camisole slips over my head, hair goes up, jewelry goes on and makeup is applied. Dress and shoes are waiting. My thoughts turn to him getting ready to leave the convention center. 

I pick up my phone and call him. Finally he gets loose enough to answer it. He sounds tired and gives me a surprised Hello. "Hey sexy, what are you hungry for?" He gives a sly smile and can't tell me 'exactly' how grueling the day was...but tells me he is ready for a drink and a large steak. "Okay, I'll have that ready in your room"...and the phone goes silent.

Looking at the phone, he is curious. He knows not to put anything past me. Surely she didn't, he thinks... Oh surely not. The thought that he had better check the room makes him leave the convention center and start that way.

Grinning, I know I have peeked his curiosity. I call room service and order a bottle of wine, steak dinner and fruit plate to be delivered to my room in exactly 1 hour. I grab my robe and run down the hall and fill a bucket of ice. I pour another glass of wine and fuss with my hair and makeup.

Approaching my red dress, I slip it over my head gently and slip into the red heels. Turning in the mirror and smoothing out the wrinkles, I notice the red nails. He's gonna love this; I can just see the look on his face now. It is all for him. His special lady in red for the evening.

I grab my room key and purse and take the elevator downstairs. I find the biggest, softest chair in the lobby and grab a magazine and wait.

Needless to say, I am approached by another man. "How are you, tonight", he asks. "My name is John." I just look at him and think, yeah, I bet you are a 'John' looking for a quick lay. I smile coyly and inform him that it is nice to meet him, but that he can't afford me. He tells me to give it a try, I might be surprised. I never put my magazine down, just drop it a little and ask him if he has the most gorgeous cock this side of the Mississippi? I explain to him that he could never live up to what I have experienced and what I am waiting on is well worth the wait. Intimidated, he sulks away.

I watch out the window and check each taxi and shuttle.

Finally I see him getting out with his bag. I throw the magazine up over my face and my heart starts pounding. I listen for him to enter and start to approach the elevator. When his back is completely towards me, I scurry to the elevator also. The door opens and he enters. I grab the side to hold it open and when he turns around......He has the first vision of the red dress. Speechless, but about to gasp, I hold my finger to his mouth to hush him and push the button to close the door. My hand takes the bag from his hand it sets it on the floor. My arms go around his neck and my leg slides up his side. The first of many kisses is planted on his lips. His strong hand rises to support my leg and feels my skin and notices there is allot of skin and no panties. The passion in the kiss makes me very wet. I hold that position until I feel the elevator slowing down. "Surprise", I say as I straighten out the blazer and make him presentable to walk off the elevator. He is still speechless, a little anxious, and having trouble walking. I straighten out my dress and smile at him and say "Opps, I forgot my panties." The door opens. "Follow me" I insist and he gives me no resistance. "Where did you leave your panties?" he inquires. I gave a chuckle and said that I could have sold them downstairs if I had wanted to...and told the story about "John".

Watching me walk down the hall, dragging his tired butt and bag, I stop at my room and open the door. He asks no questions. We enter my room and I take his bag away from him once more and set it on the bed. I feel his hands on my shoulders and he gives me a strong turn around. The attack. The cherished attack. I guess the red dress was the right choice. I am smothered in his kiss and embrace. I feel him wanting me to lie down and I stop him and inform him "Not yet. I'm not going to hurry this evening." I feel his tension and wiggle lose to pour a drink.

As I hand it to him and say "sit down and just enjoy", He is such a good boy and does just what I asked.

I move around the room and fluff the pillows and start a hot bath. He never takes his eyes off me.

As I am lighting the candle, I feel him behind me once again. Looking in the mirror, I tell him how nice he looks in his blue blazer. Slipping it off his shoulders, I proceed to hang it up. Bending over and checking the water and pouring the rest of the bubbles in, I turn and undo his belt. Slipping his pants down, I can tell that this is killing him. He is so hard, long and thick already.

I grin and take the glass from his hand and explain that I have already had my bath...this one is for him. Pulling his shirt off, I slip out of the room to fix myself a drink and refill his.

When I return to the bathroom, he has managed to sit down and adjust the water. I sit on the side of the tub and reach across his face for the sponge. Close enough for his nose to touch my breast and smell my perfume. Again, I know this is killing him. 

"I want those" he sighed.

"I know you do, dear....all in good time." I whisper and handed him the glass of wine.

Sponging the hot water to dribble down his back, he finally begins to relax. Laying back and closing his eyes, I finally have him right where I want him. What a vision.

I give him the chance to relax quietly and sit on the vanity. Crossing my legs and sip my wine, I wait.

Now, if you have any questions, you may ask them now", I say as I watch him peek one eye open to see what I am doing.

I'm swinging my foot a little and waiting for him to speak.

He just holds his hands up in wonder and says "what is there to ask?"

"Good answer" I reply and just sip on my wine and ask him how the day was.

A few comments on the convention and asking for more wine.... and I know he just want to see me move around.

The knock on the door takes my attention. Somewhat panicky, he rises out of his fantasy slumber.

He can hear the clatter, voices and grabs a towel. The door closes and he is curious. Remembering I had told him the story about the 'John' downstairs, it crosses his mind. Surely not....he thinks...but steps out to make sure.

When he exits the bathroom, the aroma of a fresh grilled steak greets him.

'Voila'. I give it my best Vanna pose and pull the chair out for him.

No hesitation and the steak dinner is quickly devoured.

I have moved thru out the room and opened the curtains to let the moon light shine in and cast shadows a bit.

Recouped from the long hard day, he sits back and just watches.

Turning out the lights except for the little one in the corner, I move to the edge of the bed and slowly remove my shoe. Coming closer to me, he removes the other one.

"I'm glad you came" is the whisper I hear when he lays me down.

To be continued........