 His strong arms begin to position me on the bed so he has the best advantage of viewing my full body. He puts me where he wants me.

Gently raising my dress, he glides his hand over my smooth legs. His hands stop short of my crotch and he watches me as he lifts the hem of the red dress to take a peek.

"Still there?" I ask him...

"Oh yeah," He grins and begins kissing my knees.

Gently spreading my legs, he moves himself closer.

His kisses are warm and tender as he works his way up my legs.

I position a pillow under my head and adjust my beads that have fallen to one side of my breast.

I feel his hand slide under my dress and rest gently on my pussy, as if he were taking my pulse.

My head tilts back and I know that he is trusted to take care of my needs.

The pulse is rapid, my pussy is wet and he inserts his finger gently.

With a small gasp from me, he knows he should continue.

He inserts his middle finger and I become flushed.

Watching my reactions, he moves his mouth and places it over my clit.

My head tilts back farther with a moan and I spread my legs wider for him.

The tingles in my body begin to make me shiver.

I reach for my breast and can feel my nipples standing straight and screaming for massage.

As I am enjoying the warmth of his tongue and sucking on my clit, I massage my nipples and pull at my dress.

His rhythm becomes faster and he throws the hem of my dress over my head.

I raise off the pillow just enough to slip the dress over my head. All that is left is a little lace camisole covering my breasts. He watches my chest heaving. He watches as I pull at the ribbons that hold the camisole together.

Once the lace is separated, my back arches and my breast are in full view. He turns his fingers upward and massages my full G-spot. I can feel my juices flowing and start to quiver. He knows I am close to cumming.

He pulls out his fingers and they are covered in my sweet liquid. 

Repositioning himself, he inserts his fingers once again but now is able to suck on my nipples.

I can hardly stand the double friction. 

My moans become replaced with heavy breathing and an "Oh Gawd, that feels so good."

I hold his head close to my chest and tell him to bite me harder.

My heart is beating out of my chest, my ass is raised in the air to not miss a single stroke and my back is arched with his teeth firmly gripping my nipple.

A few more strokes of his finger and I have covered his fingers and hand with my fluid.

He brings me to my breaking point. 

My groans and gasps are loud and my whole body shakes. He knows he has conquered the ultimate spots that are my erogenous zones. He knows me so well.

As I start to relax, he covers my pussy with his warm hand, a gives me a gentle kiss.

My hands begin to unclench the pillow and I release my arched back.

Laying flat once again I open my eyes to see him move to the side of the bed.

He is holding his hard cock close to my pillow. Presenting it to me, per se.

As I roll to one side, I can lick his cock and pull it closer to me. 

Running my tongue over the shaft, I also tongue his balls.

My hand takes a full, firm fist and I let my tongue dance on his crown.

He sighs relief as I begin to suck his long cock.

Knowing that I need him inside of me, I don't spend too much time lying down.

I raise myself so I am between his legs with my mouth positioned to take every inch of him.

Massaging his balls with my fingers and finally pulling his ass closer so he is fully fucking my mouth while standing in front of me.

I can tell by his moans that he is becoming weak in the knees.

I release my mouth and look up at him and lick my lips.

His force in pushing me back on the bed and grabbing my hips to roll me over is unbelievably passionate.

He raises my ass in the air and inserts his thick cock into my wet pussy. This forces him to climb on the edge of the bed for best penetration. As he begins to pound his member into me, I grab another pillow to help me stabilize myself.

His force is very strong. He knows what he wants and I want to give it to him. He fucks me with the zest of an unbridled man who has been on a deserted island for years. It is all I can do to stay on the bed.

I don't need to tell him 'harder'. He is pounding his cock so hard that I cum before he does. The passion is twofold.

I can hear his moans as he is on the brink of exploding as he controls himself and pulls out.

With a quick flip of my body, I am on my back and reaching for him to mount me.

I whisper as I wiggle into position, "Take it home, baby. Fill me and give me all you've got. Make it hurt."

He climbs up my body and begins kissing me as he readjusts his cock inside my pussy. He feels so good inside me. Hard and long and thick. He fills my pussy with his strong cock and stretches me. I love this feeling. I arch my back again to meet his strokes. He never removes his lips from mine. As he begins to release his cum and fill me, I can taste his erotic tongue and juices deep in my mouth. My hands are pulling his head as close as I can and my fingers are deep in his hair. The closeness that having his tongue in me and his cock in me at the same time is incomparable. The ultimate intimacy.

The bond and the love are unmistakable. 

He releases everything he has to me. I have conquered the man in a way that only I can do. 

Starting to relax, I can feel his breathing slowing down. Holding me, having me pinned under him....there is no place I would rather be.

This is what I envisioned the whole way down to Dallas. I live for this moment in time. This is why I came and this is why I love him so much. 

As I run my fingernails over his back and sooth the scratch makes that have suddenly appeared a bit red, I just let him breath. I whisper in his ear.

"Do you want me to stay?"

He gives me a slight nod 'yes'.

I smile coyly and I take my thoughts to what I am going to do to him next.

to be continued.......