 Damion had successfully worked his way up the corporate ladder at Fortune Foundations. There were rumors around the office that he was about to get the deserving promotion that he had been working for the last couple of years. He was called into his boss's office Thursday afternoon. 

He sat down on the opposite end of his boss's desk and waited for his boss to finish a phone call. Mr. Jenkins hung up the phone and looked at Damion with a smile on his face. Damion wondered if this would be the conversation that he had been hoping for a long time.

Mr. Jenkins sat back in his chair and informed him that he would be attending a corporate training required in order for him to receive the promotion. He also informed Damion that his protege' who had just been hired would also be attending a training and that he was to train her to be his replacement before he could assume the new role with the company.

Damion was beyond excited to finally be able to move up in the company and realize all the hard work he had poured into the corporation. He could not wait to meet the new hire whom he would groom over the next few months.

Mr. Jenkins raved about the new hire, mentioning that she was very professional, had worked in a similar position with a rival company and quickly climbed the ranks of that company. He hinted that the faster she learned her new position and began making an impact, the faster Damion would continue climbing the corporate ladder.

The next morning Damion and Mr. Jenkins were sitting in the board room discussing the plans for the trip. Mr. Jenkins had booked them to both stay in the hotel with side by side rooms. They would be in separate training rooms during the day, but Damion was assigned with showing her a good time afterwards by taking her out to eat at 5 star restaurants and escorting her to a few of the town attractions and finally, the corporate ball the last night of the trip.

The shades covering the glass windows of the board room vibrated as the door began to swing open. When Damion's new protege' entered the board room, his jaw dropped open. Looking up at the beautiful woman's face, he saw her jaw drop as well. Her face became ghost white as she stood frozen in the door way.

Mr. Jenkins' voice filled the room. "Come on in and take a seat Mrs. Williams. I would like to introduce you to Damion Sims."

It appeared Mrs. Williams was unable to move for a second, looking at Mr. Jenkins' extended hand, pointing at the empty chair between himself and Damion. She moved around the circular table and slowly took a seat, showing visible signs of being flustered. 

Mr. Jenkins looked over at Damion, seeing the surprised look on his face. "Do you two know each other?"

Damion looked in Mr. Jenkins' direction and attempted to hide his overwhelmed emotions. "Yes, we knew each other a few years ago."

"Great!" Mr. Jenkins exclaimed. "We will be able to move past you two getting acquainted with each other then and speed up the process. Damion, will you show Alexa to her desk?"

"Yes sir" Damion replied as he stood up. 

Mr. Jenkins, with a proud smile on his face, stood up and moved toward the board room door. "Come see me in my office after you have helped Alexa get settled into her office." When he finished speaking, Mr. Jenkins exited the board room. The board room door closed behind him.

Damion looked over at Alexa with a half smile. "Well, this is clearly a surprise."

"I swear I didn't know you worked here" Alexa replied before he completed his sentence.

"That's great that you have turned your life around since we last spoke, what five years ago?"

Her facial expression became stern. "You told me the last time we spoke that I needed to do something with my life and support my kids. Your words sunk into my soul and I followed your advice. Never did I ever think it would lead me to you company. Honestly, had I known you worked for Fortune Foundations, I would have probably stayed with Capital Enterprises. I have no problem working with you, but had I known you worked here, I would have declined the offer so that I wouldn't put you in an uncomfortable position."

Damion took a moment to collect his thoughts. Events from their past raced through his mind like a movie playing in fast forward. He brought his consciousness back to the present. "Let me show you to your desk." He extended his hand toward the board room door, palm pointing upward.

A week later, Damion and Alexa exited the airplane and made their way through the airport on their way to their hotel. In the pickup section outside the airport, Damion tracked the Uber ride on its way to pick them up. Alexa stood by his side, adjusting her dress that bunched up around her hips. Damion noticed the movement and glanced over in her direction. Though he had looked at her seemingly a thousand times already today, he could not get over how beautiful she looked in the skin tight dress. 

It took quite an adjustment seeing her in business attire after knowing her in their previous life when jeans or basketball shorts and a t-shirt were her usual attire. Her body had developed from a young adult into a woman over the past five years. Her hips had widened, her body filled in with femininity, her cheeks and eyes had become more defined.

Alexa brushed her hair away from her face and ran her fingers through her long black hair as she watched the movement of people around her. As uncomfortable as the past week has been, though she refused to let anyone know, she knew this week was going to be much more of a challenge.

The black BMW SUV pulled up to the curb next to them. A middle aged man wearing a button down shirt with tie, dress pants and a sport coat appeared from the opened door of the driver seat. Damion and Alexa grabbed their suit cases and moved toward the rear of the SUV as the driver opened the back door and began placing their bags inside.

Inside the hotel, Damion stood with Alexa by his side at the front desk. The front desk clerk was typing away on the keyboard, pulling up Damion's name in the computer. After a few moments, Damion turned away from them and grabbed a piece of paper that just finished printing. Opening up a drawer below the counter, he grabbed two electronic hotel keys, wrote "523" on a key holder envelope then slid both the hotel reservation confirmation and the envelope across the counter in front of Damion.

"Your room is ready. You will be staying in room 523 through Friday. I hope you both enjoy your stay. Let us know if you have any concerns during your stay."

Just as the clerk began to turn away, Damion spoke up. "Excuse me Escobar, but there seems to be a mixup."

The clerk turned back around with a confused look on his face. "What seems to be the problem sir?"

Damion explained that the reservation was for two side by side rooms, not just one room. Escobar, went back to typing on the computer. After what seemed like eternity, Escobar looked up from the computer screen. "I am sorry Mr. Smith, but it appears only one room with a king size bed has been reserved."

After ten minutes of arguing with the clerk and supervisor, Damion was unable to make any progress. The hotel room was completely book with people from their conference and swimsuit models who were also in town for a photo shoot. The supervisor explained that there must have been a mix-up and that she would do everything she could to resolve the situation if a room came available, but in the meantime, she has no way to fix the situation.

Showing outward signs of frustration, Damion followed the escort to the elevator, Alexa following a few footsteps behind him. The escort pulled a cart with their suitcases to the elevator and made small talk with them while waiting for an elevator to arrive on their floor. His upbeat personality and constant smile was annoying to Damion, who was irritated by the events.

This mishap was going to put both him and Alexa in a potentially awkward position if it was not resolved by the end of the day. Inside the hotel room, Alexa hung her business suits in the closet next to Damion's suits. She did not empty her suitcase, hoping that they would find her another room, as Damion apologized over and over while placing his suitcase contents in the dresser drawers.

Breaking the silence, Alexa said, "I certainly did not expect to ever be in the same hotel room with you ever again."

Damion turned in her direction, glanced at her, then glanced at his watch. He refused to go down that road at this juncture. "The welcome party begins in a half hour. I am going to call Mr. Jenkins and get this situation sorted out. Do you want a drink from the bar?"

"Yes, a glass of wine would be wonderful."

He was surprised by her sophistication. Beer had always been her drink of choice in the past. Making his way to the hotel room bar, he poured her a glass of wine and a glass of whiskey for himself. 

"I am going to use your bathroom to freshen up while you speak to Mr. Jenkins, if that is okay with you?" Alexa replied as she accepted the glass of wine.

"Perfectly fine", he replied, after taking a sip of whiskey. He pulled his cellphone from his pocket and scrolled through his contacts. Alexa disappeared into the bathroom and shut the door. Finding Mr. Jenkins in his contacts, Damion dialed the number and waited for an answer.

Mr. Jenkins apologized and assured Damion that the secretary booked two adjoining rooms. He promised to resolve the situation even if it meant finding another hotel or Air BnB space for them. Hanging up the phone, Damion finished his glass of whiskey in one swig.

He sat on the foot of the bed mattress and was recalling in his mind the last time he had been in a hotel room with Alexa when the bathroom door swung open. Out walked Alexa, who had visibly touched up her foundation and lipstick. She set her empty glass on the kitchen counter and looked at Damion with a curious look on her face, as if to ask silently what was next.

Standing upright, Damion straightened his sport coat in the mirror. "Mr. Jenkins assured me he booked two adjoining rooms and is going to fix things. In the meantime, let's head to the welcome party and enjoy ourselves."

At the corporate welcome party, thousands of people streamed into the large auditorium. Damion ordered two drinks from the roaming waitress and joined in a conversation with a few of the people he knew from other office locations. After getting her drink from the waitress, Alexa ventured off to meet and make connections with new acquaintances. After a couple hours of drinks and h'orderves, while keeping a distant eye on Alexa, Damion decided it was time to return to the room. He had checked his phone multiple times, but there was very little internet service with so many people in one location. 

He had noticed that Alexa looked over in his direction several times throughout the afternoon, letting him know that she was keeping track of his location also. He tried not to stare as he studied her curves. She looked absolutely stunning in her crimson red dress with sparkles. The dress hugged her hips and breasts. When she moved just right, the slit in her dress revealed her slender legs and muscular thighs. If he was honest with himself, he wished his hands were her dress. With each drink he consumed, the thought became more and more frequent. Knowing they were co-workers and in a professional atmosphere, he did everything he could to suppress the fleeting thoughts.

Placing his palm softly on the small of Alexa's back, Damion stood next to Alexa at the round table. She was laughing and in the middle of a lighthearted conversation with another female. She glanced over to see who had placed their hand on her back and smiled at Damion. She looked away and made another comment to the female across the small round table.

The female glanced at Damion then told Alexa she enjoyed the conversation then excused herself stating she needed another drink. Alexa turned her attention back to Damion. Damion removed his hand and set his empty glass on the table.

"Are you ready to head back to the hotel? I don't have any signal so I have not heard back from Mr. Jenkins yet. I would like to see if he has resolved things."

"Yes, I am ready to get out of these heels. My feet are killing me and this restrictive dress is suffocating me."

His phone finally regained signal just before entering the hotel. Multiple email and text alerts dinged on their phones as they headed up the elevator to the room. Inside the room, Damion began checking his messages. Alexa sat on the bed next to him also checking her phone messages and texts.

After a few moments of silence, he let her know there was no resolve for the night. All hotel rooms and air bnb's in the area were booked, but there were more people set to arrive the next day and their might be a cancellation.

To his surprise, Alexa did not get angry. She had definitely matured over the past five years. She said, "We will make it work then. Nothing we can do."

"I am going to take a quick shower if that is okay. You can use the second dresser to store your belongings if you wish."

While showering, Damion could not help from thinking about her sleeping in the same room. He fought the urge to masturbate though the thoughts were making him horny. He dried off, changed into comfortable shorts and a t-shirt then headed back into the main room. 

When he stepped around the corner, he was surprised to see Alexa had pulled out the bench that was against the wall and was sitting on it with her back to him, slightly angled to the side. She was pulling a shirt over her head. He froze in his tracks, catching a glimpse of her bare back and side boob with her hands over her head. Pulling the shirt down over her upper body, the view of her bare back quickly disappeared. He felt a bulge forming in his shorts.

Not thinking about the consequences, caught up in the daydreams and memories of the past, he felt his feet quickly moving toward the bench as if he were floating across the room. It did not appear that she heard him, still facing the hotel window. Leaning over, he slid his hands between the bottom of her shirt and her body. His hands quickly slid up the inside of her shirt, pressing her arms away from her waist.

She did not move away from him, clamp her arms down to restrict his rising arms, or make any abrupt movements. His hands glided up her warm, smooth skin until they were cupping her breasts. The passion and desire had taken control of his logical thinking. 

"I have a boyfriend you know?" Alexa said with a condescending tone in her voice.

Damion ignored her comment and started massaging her breasts in his hands. They felt somewhat smaller than he remembered, though they were still more than a hand full. He could feel the bulge in his pants growing stronger with each passing second. Her nipples grew hard and pressed against his palms almost immediately.

"I said I have a boyfriend and I don't think he would appreciate you groping my breasts" Alexa said, ending her words with a soft exhale. After finishing the sentence, she spoke again. "I am pretty sure you would be fired on the spot if Mr. Jenkins knew what you are doing right now. This is definitely unethical work practice."

If she would have pulled away, shown an ounce of displeasure, or told him that she did not like his bold advancement, Damion would have immediately stopped. Out of everything that she said, she never once said that she did not like what he was doing or told him to stop. She was simply stating reasons that everyone else would have a problem with his actions.

Pressing his mouth against her ear, he whispered, "Tell me to stop if you don't like it and want me to stop."

She did not say a word and released a stronger exhale. With his index finger and thumb, he began rolling her hard nipples in his hands. Being bent over was starting to make his back ache. To get more comfortable, he straddled one leg over the bench and pressed his body against the back of her body. His hands held her breasts for balance as he swung his other leg over the bench and held her body between his legs. 

Remembering how much it turned her on when he whispered in her ears, he turned his head and pressed his lips against the side of her face. "I had totally forgotten about you until a week ago. Now I can't get your gorgeous body out of my mind."

His whispering words caused her to straighten her back and shudder. She released a faint moan as her body shivered. Damion went back and forth between massaging her breasts and squeezing her hard nipples. Her hands trembled as they rested on her lap, pressed against her skin colored panties.

Taking advantage of her apparent moments of weakness, Damion moved his mouth a few inches south and began kissing and caressing her neck with his lips. Her head cocked slightly to the opposite side, giving him more access to her neck. He could hear her breathing increasingly growing stronger, sure she could feel his raging hard-on pressing against her lower back.

"You are lucky...uhhhh...ohhhh...lucky I haven't told...uhhhh...told Peter...told Peter who you are. Ohhhhh" Alexa exclaimed, doing her best to form complete sentences as his hands and mouth manipulated her nerve endings. "Shhhhit! I forgot...how good your hands...make me feel. Fuck!"

Her words made him harder than he had been in quite some time. Her body felt wonderful to his hands and her neck tasted delicious to his lips. He had forgotten, but quickly remembered how turned on she would get from breast play and neck kissing. She had once told him she thought she might be able to have an orgasm from her breasts being played with if someone did it long enough.

"You had better stop!" she exclaimed half-heartedly before moaning loudly.

"Tell me you want me to stop and I will" he whispered in her ears.

"Uhhhh I am so wet. This isn't right!"

"You can tell me to stop."

"This isn't fair. Ohhhhhhh shit."

Her areola were swollen and pressing against his palms as his hands pleasured her breasts. He continued massaging her nipple with his left hand while his right hand slowly slid down her stomach. She arched her back against him and attempted to kiss his chin as his hand moved past her belly button. Missing his chin the first time, she made a second attempt and leaned away from him just enough to create separation between their shoulders so that she could lean in and kiss the bottom of his chin.

Her legs didn't fight him as he spread her legs with his hand. Her arms raised up and cupped the back of his neck. She began to feverishly kiss his neck. He held her upper body firmly against his body, clenching her breast, as his hand softly slid over her panties.

Moaning louder and louder, she gasp for air before aggressively kissing the side of his neck. His index and middle fingers traced the outline of her swollen lips. Her hips flexed against his hand, begging for more pressure.

"Seriously?" she panted. "I already told you...I have a man."

Her right hand slid down over his hand between her legs and lightly pushed his hand away in her half-veiled attempt to stop him. He moved his fingers back between her legs and slid them up the center of her lips, feeling how wet she had become. She whined louder and shuddered as his fingers connected with her swollen, exposed clit.

Knowing he had her like putty in his hands, he slid his left hand down between her legs. With both hands he propped the underside of her knees on top of his knees, spreading her legs wider open. She did not fight him while she continued leaving sloppy kisses, drowning his neck with her saliva.

He began massaging her groins. He once remembered doing that at a party and her telling him to stop because he was making her so wet. 
