 Important Disclaimer! I don't promote any kind of rape or non consensual acts! Consent is the single most important thing! This is meant to only be a fantasy and nothing more! Always respect people and their limits!

*****

Hello my name is Rae, and this is the story of how I lost to the local meathead.

Ok so that's a bit of a harsh term. I guess I'm still just sour about it. To make things more clear I should probably start from the beginning so you know how this all happened.

To begin, I'll describe myself. I'm a bit of a nerd. I love to read and discover new things. I actually enjoyed a lot of subjects in school and was regularly in the library scoping out new books to peruse. A lot of time indoors. The only time I went out was to go enjoy the local anime convention that happened once a year made my skin pretty pale. Against my shoulder length black hair, it just made it look even paler. The only thing that sort of stood out was my emerald colored eyes. A lot of people said they just popped and could grab attention from lots of people. 

Including some of the people, I didn't want attention from. Intro Brad. Yeah, the stereotypical name for a jock huh? Couldn't be something like "Alexander" to make him different. He looked like the stereotypical jock too. Tall, rippling with muscles, wide-shouldered, dirty blond hair and piercing blue eyes. Basically your usual teen heart throb. Girls would fawn over him because he was one of the stars of the football team. I don't think he was the quarterback at least. I don't remember exactly where he was, but the girls loved him anyways.

Well, all of them except me and Sarah. Sarah was my goth friend but she's an entirely different story. Brad had been on a sort of crusade through the school. Trying to plow as many different types of girls as he could. The cheerleaders, the popular girls, the artists, the volleyball team captain, just having a grand ole time. However, there were two girls he couldn't land. Me and Sarah. And it became evident quickly that he was planning on changing that.

It started when he decided to sit down with us at lunch one day.

"Good afternoon ladies." He says flashing his famous broad grin. Sarah and I were both confused. We looked around and saw there was room at his usual table. We had both talked big about how we would tell him off if he ever approached us, but now that the moment was at hand, we both became little sheep.

"Oh uh... hey." Was all I got out. What I wanted to say was "Look for your next lay with the sluts creep!" but all that came out was "Oh uh... Hey." This is where my self-loathing begins a bit. He had managed to disarm both me and Sarah with that stupid smile of his. I tried to just focus on my food and not talk. He wasn't going to have that though.

"So, either of you have any big plans for the four day weekend?" He asks casually. It seemed innocent but I knew he was looking for information he might be able to use. "Oh uh... I don't know. What about you?" I said passing the buck off to Sarah.

"Uh... just the anime convention I guess." She says. She cringed almost instantly as she quickly realized she probably shouldn't have said that. It was confirmed by the death glare I gave her briefly. He just nodded his head and continued to eat for a moment then grinned.

"Oh right, thats where all the anime nerds dress up as cartoons and stuff right?" Uhgg... I hated him even more now.

"Sort of. Its where we get together to just have a good time. Some people cosplay for fun as their favorite characters." I said trying to be civil and correct him.

"Do you?" He asks and my cheeks flushed a little. I hadn't actually told anyone except Sarah obviously about my cosplaying. It was just too easy for others to make you a target for it.

"Uh... well... sometimes." I said clearing my throat. I wasn't that hungry anymore. I felt like I was under a spotlight. In an interrogation.

"Oh. Do you dress up like one of the slutty girls?" He asks with a broad grin looking right at me. I was speechless. I opened my mouth to respond but nothing came out. I was bright red. Fortunately for me, the bell went off and lunch was over. "Oh, see ya later then. You'll have to show me your costume sometime." He says with a wink and stood up leaving me there red-faced and Sarah mouth agape. He had just pretty well steamrolled us. We didn't try and retaliate or anything. He said what he wanted and left. It left me embarrassed and furious but what the hell could I do now? I started to put my things in my bag all cluttered and disoriented. All I could think about was how to get back at him next time.

I had some time to cool down after the next few periods. During the breaks I would text Sarah.

[Rae]: Why did you tell him about the convention?

[Sarah]: Srry I panicked! I just said what came to mind 1st

[Rae]: If he shows up he's your problem

[Sarah]: He won't. Would be too embarrassed to be seen there. By the way, did you decide your cosplay yet?

I actually had to stop and think about the question. Who DID I want to go as this year? I had a few cosplays lined up but I hadn't decided yet. I thought it over and made my decision.

[Rae]: I'm going as Hinata from Naruto this year

It was a simple one. Kinda old but I pulled off the character really well. Had the right skin color, hair, body shape. It all just worked out. 

[Sarah]: Awesome. I'm going as Lust from FMA.

I snorted a little at that. Which made me quickly put away my phone before my teacher confiscated it. I laughed because Sarah was always playing busty goth girls and I sort of figured that lust would show up sooner or later. Sarah was kinda blessed. I could see why ANYONE would be after her. I wasn't flat or anything but even I was envious of Sarahs genetics!

The boring ass class carried on and the bell rang freeing me for the weekend and the convention! I was pretty excited. It was my one time of the year to finally dork out with other people and see some cool stuff. Some of the cosplays got pretty damn extravagant and I loved seeing them.

That night I got everything prepared. The badge to get in was on the door, the cosplay was on the nightstand, the backpack with snacks and drinks was at the foot of the bed, everything was good to go. All I had to do was shower and get dressed and I was out the door. Just as I was lying down I got another text from Sarah.

[Sarah]: Oh hey, what happens if the idiot shows up?

I had forgotten about him. It didn't matter though I was in a great mood and excited.

[Rae]: Then we tell him to fuck off. That's our turf not his.

I responded with a grin. Finally back in my comfort zone.

[Sarah]: Damn right! Its gonna be a blast. See you in the morning!

When I arrived at the convention I couldn't find Sarah. That wasn't surprising though. The convention had around 23,000 people attending. I tried texting her a few times but couldn't get a response. Sarah wasn't nearly as organized as I was. She was a child of the wind, blowing about and taking life as it came. Which led to things like forgetting to plug in her phone and simply showing up to the convention with a dead phone. I got through in hardly any time at all and imagined Sarah would take another hour or so to get herself together. So my plan was to wander and have a good time!

I made my way to my usual first stop. The dealers room! There was stuff that you could only get from here, at this time of year. You couldn't get it off amazon or other stores. It was magical stuff that was here for three days and poofed into non existence once it was over! I was ready to dive in head first and see them all when a voice called and made my hair stand on end.

"Rea? Rae Mourner? Holy shit you do dress up like a cartoon!" If it was at all possible, I turned paler as I turned around and saw him there. Fucking Brad standing there with that stupid grin on his face. Dressed up in his jeans and jacket. I mean, there were plenty of people there that weren't in cosplay. I was that wasn't the case. I wanted him to stand out and feel awkward. The only one feeling awkward was me right now.

"W...what are you doing here?" I asked. I meant to sound more demanding but it came out pretty meek. He just grinned and strode up to me "I just wanted to see what kinda kid stuff you do here."

My face flushed hard as he continued to mock me and the stuff I loved.

"Its not kid stuff all right? Its just some fu-" He cut me off though

"Uh huh sure. Why don't you show me some of this stuff." He says walking beside me and wrapping his arm around my shoulder. I blushed harder and wanted to tell him to fuck off. He was so much more intimidating up close though. He was built like a damn castle of muscle! I wasn't even really walking forward he was just lightly guiding me around and I mumbled about what each of the stalls were. I wanted to check them out but I couldn't get away from him. What the heck was he doing here?! Why was I just letting him walk me around the room like a dog on a leash!? I was being so passive and it made me angrier but I couldn't bring myself to say anything! Suddenly there was a rush of excitement and people headed over to one of the booths at the end. It was one of the famous guests! I had been wanting to see them! They were a musical composer for my favorite game!

I felt myself being turned sharply though and brought behind one of the mass pillars out of the sight of others. Next thing I knew I was against the massive stone pillar and was grinning down at me.

"I thought I noticed something and wanted to see!" He says and reaches up placing his hands on my delicate tits over the fabric and squeezed. I gasped and went stiff.

"Ha! I knew it! You're not wearing a bra you slut!" She says with a broad grin. I reached up and put my hands on his wrists and tried to pull him away but he kept close and kept fondling my tits through the fabric. I would like to say I gave it my all but my damn tits were sensitive. Moreso than other girls and it was sending shocks through me.

"I-I am not a slut! Its just tape so it doesn't ruin the cosplay! It would show up thr-" The bastard interrupted me again as one hand went up and grabbed the zipper to my top and yanked it down. Letting my pale nearly exposed tits spill out into view. Naturally I went up to try and cover myself but his farm hands went back to my wrist. I could have shouted, but there were so damn many cameras here. There would be dozens if not hundreds of pictures of this ass toying with me! I squirmed and wriggled as best I could. Much to my dismay my nipples slowly began to harden. When my top slipped to the sides he would be able to see that the only thing covering me was a couple strips of black tape! I really wasn't a slut. I just didn't want the bra to ruin the look!

"Sure you're not a slut. You just leave your tits half exposed for fun!" He says and leans his head down. I let out a shaky gasp as I felt his hot tongue against my skin. Sliding from the base of my my C cup tit to the tip. Letting his tongue slide right over the tape. I actually had to bite my lower lip to keep quiet. Not only because of the people around, but I didn't want to give him the satisfaction! My body and my brain were now at war and I was determined not to lose!

He chuckles a little "Dam you nerd bitches have nice tits. And you're loving this aren't you." He says looking up at me with those damn eyes "N-no I'm jus- Ah!" He wasn't keen on letting me talk. Maybe that was his success though. He never gave the chance to argue against him and rushed you so you couldn't come up with a decent escape plan! His mouth went back to my tit and used his teeth to grip the tape and pull it away. The mix of pain and pleasure from the feeling was... unlike anything I had felt before. It wasn't exposed to the air for long though before his lips were wrapped right back around my freshly exposed nipple and sucking me.

This was like some bizarre dream. Here I was at my favorite convention, stuck behind a stone pillar, in my Hinata cosplay, tits out, with the guy I hated with every fiber of my being sucking at my tits. And the worst part of all of it? It was starting to let him.

My struggles were getting less and less. As that skillful tongue lashed around and sucked on my delicate, hardened nipple my brain began to fry. He moved from one to the other and ripped the tape away again making me gasp. He moved in to ravage my free tit and against my will, I let slip a light moan.

"Mhhh yeah I knew you were a slut." He says with a grin and stands up. Pushing down on my shoulders. I felt the weight and slowly began to bend my knees. It wasn't until I was halfway down when it dawned on me. He wasn't holding my wrists anymore. For the list couple minutes that he was sucking on my tits, my hands had found their way behind his head and was pulling him in. My own body betraying me...

With his freed up hands, he had undid his zipper and know his thick, meaty cock was in my face. I felt his hand on the back of my head and he started to pull me forward.

"Get sucking whore." He says and starts to lean his hips forward.

(No no no! Don't do it!)

My brain screamed at me. Trying to reason with my body.

(You hate him! Don't give him what wants! You're just another notch!)

It kept screaming. My trembling lips parted slowly as he was only inches away

(Nooooooooooo!)

It cried out, but it was too late. His cock slipped between my lips and my tongue was pushing against his heat. It was over then. I was on my knees willingly sucking off the one guy I swore to never touch. I had always said I was too good for him and would tell him off and stand triumphed. It was too late for that now.

I gave up and just moaned as I started to suck him. Starting to swirl my tongue around his meat and give him everything he wanted from me. My hands sliding up the sides of his body and holding him while I licked and stroked him hungrily. I hated this because I knew I wanted this. Even when moments ago I had been fighting it. I had lost the war. My body was running the show now and it wanted that thick cock. I swirled my tongue and deep throated him. Moaning out slowly louder and louder. He bucked his hips and kept looking down at me with those demeaning eyes. And I looked back up at him. Accepting my new place in his harem of whores.

I kneeled there and sucked him with the large crowd only feet behind us when he grabbed my hair and pulled me forward slamming his cock down my throat and cumming hard. I tried to pull back a little but that strong hand held me in place.

Gluck...gluck...gluck...gluck...gluck...

I swallowed his delicious cum without resistance and only pulled away when he let me go. I sucked in the much needed breath as he pulled his pants back up and zipped them.

"Common." He says as I got up and closed my shirt. starting to feel the shame kick in a little. Despite the shame though, I knew I would drop to my knees and suck him again in a heartbeat.

He started to lead me again. It was deeper into the convention though. Where were we going? I knew he wasn't interested in the rest of this crap. He brought me into the elevator and we headed to the 6th floor. I knew then what he wanted.

He planned to fuck me.

The idea terrorized me as much as it excited me. My heart was pounding in my chest. He must have reserved a room when Sarah had let it slip about the weekend!

He took out his card and slipped it through the machine and it lit up green. He led me into the room and my jaw dropped at what I saw.

"S-Sarah!?" I nearly shreiked. Sarah was in her cosplay on the bed. Blushing hard. Her face makeup smeared around her lips.

"S-sorry Rhae..." She says giving an apologetic smile.

*****

That's it for this one folks! If there's enough interest, I'll either continue this story, or tell Sarah's point of view! Please be gentle I'm new to all this.