 Ryleigh heard the phone and quickly pulled it from its place in her back pocket. She grinned when she saw who was calling. 

"What the fuck do you want?" she asked, laughing, hoping she already knew the answer. 

"You! Then the fuck." 

Ryleigh continued laughing. 

"Isn't it early for you to be up after working last night?" 

"Yeah, but seems another part of me was up even earlier. Unlike some people, I didn't leave the bar with a buddy." 

"Oh, Frank.. Poor baby." 

"You have fun last night? Willing to share details?" 

Ryleigh grinned. He really was horny. 

"He licked me out like a pro. Came three times. Nice thick cock, too. The first time was a massive letdown, but he made up for it easily enough. You want me to describe how I went down on him? I hung my head over the side of the bed and let him fuck my mouth for a while. That big cock pushing down my throat was like heaven." 

Frank's breathing was changing and she figured he had his dick in his hand, stroking it already. 

"No fair playing with my toy if you are asking me to come over for a play date." 

He grumbled out a laugh, but she could tell he had stopped. Men were too easy. 

"How soon can you be here? I'm at my sister's place, house sitting for her. The family went on a trip, so I've got a nice big house all to myself. They are gone for a week, so we can get fucking wild and I have time to make repairs before they are back in town. Up to a challenge?" 

Ryleigh loved it when he was full of himself. 

"Sure. Give me the address and I'll be there as soon as I can. I'm bringing a few toys of my own. See you then." 

Deciding to skip class, Ryleigh grabbed a duffle bag from her closet and began filling it with a few toys she knew Frank liked. They weren't a couple, just friends that both loved to fuck and fit well together. Their tastes were similar enough to enjoy the same things, but each had enough experience with others to bring surprises to their 'play dates.' After grabbing a few lubes, butt plugs, her favorite pair of nipple clamps and her purple rabbit vibrator, Ryleigh packed a change of clothes in the duffle and prepared to head out. Checking the address on line, she saw that the house was less than 30 minutes away. She smiled. It was in an upscale part of town. She would be in much nicer accommodations than her dorm provided. 

Frank, meanwhile, had a hard on that made it impossible to do anything but think of when Ryleigh would arrive. Deciding he would be a better lover if he wasn't about to explode, he headed to his nephew's bedroom and got in one of his old favorite positions. He had come up with the idea when he was about 12 and his family had seen a Cirque du Soleil show. Seeing men and women contort their bodies so that their 'private parts' were just inches from their mouths seemed like an incredible thing to a kid that had recently discovered the joy of masturbation. It had taken him a while to get limber enough, but eventually he had succeeded. Now, as an adult, it was much more effort and he preferred a woman to suck him off. However, desperate times called for desperate measures. 

Lying down on the twin bed, he scooted as close to the wall as he could and slowly walked his legs up until he bent nearly in half. Straining, he lifted his chest up, extending his neck until his lips were just out of reach of his stiff dick. Walking up the wall, one more step put him in position and soon he was licking his dick, slurping the large purple head and tracing the hole with his tongue. He teased himself as long as he could, his tongue lapping at the silky skin and then straining to put the head in his mouth to suck. Out of breath, from both the excitement and the exertion, he laid his head back, resting his neck, and quickly began stroking his cock, the rhythm steady and increasing in speed. As he got closer, he opened his mouth and tried to aim. 

His hand slid up and down his cock, twisting as it traveled the length from base to tip and his breathing was quick and erratic as he felt the cum begin to boil in his balls, preparing to break free. One, two, three long strokes, very deliberate. He twisted to get that last bit... 

"Ahhhh," he moaned, cumming hard. He licked his lips, tasting the sweet nectar. Much of it missed him, making a mess on the bed near his head. But, there was enough to give him a taste. He purposefully ate lots of fruit on the weekends, knowing it changed the taste and made his cum delicious. 

A sound at the door caught him off guard and he quickly grabbed a sheet, cleaning himself up and then rolling off the bed. Slipping on his shorts, he headed back to the living room. 

"I'm coming!" he called out, and then smiled. 'Actually, I already came,' he thought with a grin. 

Checking the door, he saw that Ryleigh was waiting. 

"Come on in," he said, opening his arms to her. 

Ryleigh tossed her duffle on the floor and eagerly stepped into his arms, her mouth searching out his. As her tongue began to explore his, she tasted the fresh cum and pulled back. 

"You son of a bitch, I told you to wait for me. You'll pay for that, you know." 

There was a smile on her face, but the tone in her voice let him know that she was going to have a lot of fun with him. 

When Frank first told her that he could suck himself, she was a bit put off by the idea. However, when she envisioned what it would be like if her own tongue could reach her clit, Ryleigh knew in a heartbeat that she would take advantage of that several times a day. The first time he let her watch as he sucked himself, it turned her on more than she thought it would. Frank strained, his tongue extended completely, licking the head. When he managed to get it in his mouth and begin sucking, Ryleigh could wait no longer. She attacked, straddling him, her pussy rubbing in his face and his cock deep down her throat. They had stayed that way, her wet pussy soaking his face and his cock filling her mouth and pressing against the back of her throat for almost an hour, bringing each other to the verge of climax over and over before they finally could hold back no longer. It was some of the best oral she ever experienced. 

Frank looked down at the cute girl, grinning. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail, as usual. Her hazel eyes were more green today, which he found damn attractive. The tank top she was wearing was just a bit tight across her tits, showcasing the C cups beautifully. And, when she was frustrated, like now, her nipples tended to stand at attention even more. It was almost worth pissing her off just to see the show. 

"I know. I'll make it up to you. But, I was too damn horny. I'd have cum during the fist kiss." 

He gave her a grin and she raised an eyebrow, figuring he was probably right, but not letting him off the hook. 

Instead, she stepped back and looked around the house. It was nice. A cluster of children's toys lay in one corner. 

"This is your sister's place?" 

"Yeah, her and her husband. They have two kids, two boys. So, you might see some kid stuff around here, but just ignore it." 

Ryleigh continued to look around the house, eventually making it back to the master suite. It wasn't her taste, but it would work. Too much damn ruffle and lace. Fuck that shit. But, she knew she liked their bed. Nice thick posts. Easy to tie people to. That could come in handy. 

Moving into the bathroom, she smiled as she saw the jetted tub. It was huge, easily big enough to two and probably more. At one end was a mesh net of children's bath toys. She made a face. What a pity. Have something this nice and ruin the mood with children's stuff. She'd have Frank remove that.. 

"Frank," she called out to him. "I want a bath. You owe me, remember. So, draw me a bath, nice and hot, with bubbles. You are going to wash my hair, so gather whatever you need. I'll be expecting you to get me in less than ten minutes." 

Frank grinned, shaking his head. Damn she was a bossy bitch. But, she was good looking and fucked like her life depended on it. A bit of bossy bitch was worth putting up with. 

Ryleigh got her duffle bag as Frank prepared her bath. Taking out a few of her favorite items, she put them on the bed and then began to undress. It didn't take long. 

"You about ready?" 

"Always." 

"You better mean it," she said, entering through the large double doors and back into the bathroom. There were bubbles everywhere as the tub filled. Smiling at Frank, Ryleigh stepped up and over the edge, putting just her toe in first to test the temperature. 

"Perfect," she purred to him as she moved the rest of the way into the water. 

"Here, turn around, back to me." 

Ryleigh did as he asked and was surprised when he lifted a long length of cloth over her head. She instantly recognized it, though, and the smile on her lips grew. He tied the blindfold securely in place, and then moved her around so that she could lie back in the huge jetted tub. 

Saying nothing, he got some water in a cup and began to pour it over her head. Ryleigh jumped slightly at the sensation, and then tilted her head up, allowing the water to flow easily over her hair and down her back. She felt his hands as he slid the band from her hair, letting it fall down her back. Another cupful of water was poured, then another. The hot water felt wonderful as it cascaded down her back. But, it felt even better as it ran down her chest, dripping from her erect nipples. She would change the angle of her head and body as he poured the water, allowing the flow to change with her desires. 

Frank still had not joined her in the tub and she wondered what he was waiting for. Ryleigh heard a bottle snap open and then his hands were moving through her hair. She moaned. It had to be one of the most erotic feelings in the world to have a man wash her hair. He lathered her up nicely, rubbing the base of her neck and working around, behind her ears. Slowly he moved forward, up and over, until he came to her forehead. Rubbing above her temples, he was now trying to relax her more than wash her hair. Her tight little body began to unwind under his talented hands and she moaned again. Frank smiled. He couldn't believe she was going to be his until some time tomorrow afternoon. 

"Lean back," he whispered as he leaned over the tub, slipping his arm under her for better support. Her slick, wet skin felt so good in his arms that he began to stiffen again. Frank studied the water glistening on her breasts, the nipples puckering as the cool air hit them. Bubbles dotted her body, gathering in pools here and there. 

Using the cup, he rinsed her hair again, envying the water as it flowed over her. He purposefully dribbled a cup over her nipples, enjoying them strain as they puckered tightly. 

Ryleigh moaned, her smile wide, as her body responded to the sensations. 

"You are close to being forgiven," she said, teasingly. "But, I'm sure you can do more to make up for your lack of self control." 

Frank looked around, trying to find something to tease her with. Eyeing the net of toys, he found a small truck with foam wheels. He grabbed it and began traveling her body, making donuts and spinning out on her nipples. 

"What is that?" Ryleigh asked, laughing and enjoying the strange sensation. 

"You have to guess. I'm not saying another word." 

The truck ran along her breasts, 'jumping' the nipples, coming down on her stomach and ribs before spinning out in the bubbles and making its way back up to her chest. Another jump or two, and she figured it out. 

"A car or truck or something? Something with wheels." 

"Correct." 

"Ready for the next one?" 

"Sure." 

Frank looked around, digging in the net for a few seconds, before he saw the rubber duck. He laughed when he saw the bill. It was smiling, the top and bottom of the bill making a little 'v' shape. The tail was long and curled up, soft and pliable, but sturdy enough to hold its shape. This was going to be fun. 

Ryleigh jumped as something cool and smooth drifted across the top of her nipple. She sucked in her breath and waited for more. Soon the other nipple experienced the same sensation. 

"That thing is damn cold. Can you warm it up?" 

Frank grinned and pushed the duck under the water, aiming for her pelvis. 

"Open your legs." 

Ryleigh quickly complied, eager to see what he had planned. 

"Just make sure whatever you have is clean." 

Frank laughed and shook his head. 

"No worries. Though, it won't be when we finish." 

Frank's dick was almost fully erect again and the cool side of the tub was not a pleasant sensation. Moving to the other end of the tub, he got in, sitting between her open legs. The view was amazing until bits of bubbles began to float in his path. Scooping them up, he made tiny snowmen on her perky tits, enjoying shaping them as he fondled her nipples. Her moans let him know that she was enjoying it, too. 

Now, back to his true target. Taking the duck, he used the open bill to run along her thighs. Ryleigh shuddered, moaning again as he traveled closer to her cunt. The duck's bill moved over her pussy lips and then moved up, part of the bill on each side of her clit. 

'Damn lucky duck,' he thought, eager for his own mouth to take the duck's place. 

Moving the rubber duck slightly, he rubbed it against the tiny nub that was beginning to grow and come from its hiding place. The duck slipped down her slit and he pushed the head inside of her slightly before making its way up the other pussy lip. 

"Mmmmm, what is that? It feels so good," Ryleigh moaned to him, her hips lifting slightly, eager for more attention. 

Saying nothing, Frank used the duck's tail this time to travel her slit once more and played around her hole, moving it in and out. Even in the water, he could tell she was getting very wet. Her juices looked different from the water. 

Leaning over, Frank began letting the water out of the tub. Once it was low enough, he stopped it again. Now he could enjoy her as well without having to hold his breath. 

Moving so that his mouth was just above the beautifully trimmed pussy, he ran the duck up and down her slit several more times, thrusting it in and out of her as Ryleigh moaned and moved her hips, wanting more. 

Dipping his mouth under the water, his tongue made contact with her clit and Ryleigh moaned, jumping at the unexpected pleasure. His nose was still just above the water, though he still had to hold his breath from time to time as she bucked against him and the rubber duck in her pussy. The duck's head slipped in and out, not going deep enough to give her real satisfaction, but enough to make her want more. 

Ryleigh's hands came down on Frank's head, pushing him deeper into her pussy. She was so close and she wasn't going to let him tease her for too long. His tongue began to move over her clit more assertively. Whatever was in her pussy was soft and hard at the same time. It had something on the side of it, she couldn't tell what, but it was hitting a great place that she didn't even know was sensitive. 

Frank, meanwhile, had his nose under the water now and Ryleigh had a good hold of his head. He knew he needed her to cum quickly or he was going to piss her off even more when he came up for air. His dick was straining against the tub because of the sudden danger he felt as he hoped for another breath soon. 

Ryleigh's hips bucked again and Frank quickly took advantage, inhaling deeply as his nose came up out of the water. It plunged under again, quickly, as she moaned repeatedly. Her sopping pussy sounded amazing as the duck slid in and out. If he wasn't careful, he would shoot his next load before they even got out of the tub. 

"Yesss.....Yes...Damn it! Yess...." 

Ryleigh's voice was thick and he knew from experience she would be cumming soon. His tongue licked the slit up and down and then he bit down on her clit. 

Her hips bucked, almost throwing him off her as she came. He held on for dear life, holding his breath as he surged above and below the water. Frank held the duck in place, its head inside of her. 

Ryleigh loved the combination of pleasure and pain and Frank had discovered biting her clit just as she was getting close was a sure way to throw her over the edge. His teeth held the sensitive clit in place as his lips moved all around, sucking as he could. Added to that was the sensation of water cascading in and out, up and down as her hips bucked. 

Eventually the bucking slowed and she released her grip on Frank's head, allowing him to come up for air. He looked down and laughed at the duck hanging out of her cunt, head securely buried within her pussy lips and hole, the bright yellow body looking out of place, but erotic. Pulling it out made her moan again, but he quickly replaced it with his stiff cock. Thrusting deeply, water splashed around them as his hips slapped against her pussy and ass. He drew her closer to him, putting her legs over his shoulders as he thrust in deeper and deeper. She was so slick and hot. 

Ryleigh moaned, her hands on her tits now, pulling and pinching her nipples as Frank fucked her. The water splashed on her face and at times, small waves covered her mouth and nose. 

"Harder!" she yelled out to him and he forced himself in as deep as he could get, his pelvis slamming against her. 

"Again! Again! Yes!" 

Frank yelled out then, feeling cum spewing deep within her as he came. She shivered and pulled him to her, welcoming the heat of his body against her cool, wet skin. 

They were quiet for a few minutes, recovering from the intensity of their first fuck of the day. 

Ryleigh moved Frank's face, pulling it up so that he could see her. She smiled at him. 

"Ok. You're forgiven. Now, when does the party start?" 

Damn, he really liked this woman. 

"How about some party snacks first?" 

Ryleigh nodded. 

"Sure. I'm in the mood for a huge cocktail weenie. Have one around here?" 

He grinned. "I'm sure we can work something out."