 Thanks so much for taking time to read my story. Please leave comments. My goal is to have satisfied readers and I can only learn what you like by reading your feedback. :)

Enjoy! 

May life leave you Breathless...

......

Ryleigh and Frank slowly toweled one another off as they left the tub and rubber ducky behind. Ryleigh made sure to dry him very well, enjoying caressing his well-proportioned body.

As she cupped his ass cheeks, she leaned up behind him, her perky nipples pressing into his back.

"I need to make sure you are nice and clean, Mister," she whispered. "Spread your legs."

Frank didn't have to be told twice. He grinned and quickly spread his feet far apart. Ryleigh slid down his back, licking and nibbling as she went. 

Noting how far away they were from the counter, she pushed him forward slightly.

"Lean on that," she said, her voice already having a seductive but authoritative quality to it. Again Frank quickly obliged her order.

With a better angle now, she slowly spread his bum cheeks apart and enjoyed the view of the rosebud winking back at her.

"MMmmmm," she moaned, loving being in control. "Don't move your hands, no matter what."

"Yes, Ma'am," Frank answered, his nine inch dick beginning to awaken again.

Ryleigh leaned forward and ran her tongue up and down the length of his crack, stopping to flick her tongue at that amazing little center of nerves.

"Ahhh, yes...." Frank grunted to her. Ryleigh smiled, enjoying the encouragement.

"Bend over further," she said, wanting a better angle. Soon he was bent almost in half. Putting a hand on each side of his ass, Ryleigh pulled him to her, her tongue licking up and down and in and out. Frank's knees began to shake as he tried to stay still. The feelings were so intense and he was almost completely erect again.

Sliding a hand up between his legs, Ryleigh began massaging his balls, alternating between a light caress and a more rough squeeze, always careful to stop before she caused real pain.

"Yes....Oh, God, yes...." Frank groaned as his legs began to quiver more from the strain of staying still.

Moving from his balls to his hard shaft, Ryleigh began a slow pump up and down, twisting as she went up and then sliding down slowly.

"Hmmm, I need something...." she said, moving her hand down between her legs and fingering her cunt for a moment. She was wet with excitement and plunged two fingers deep inside, twisting so that she coated them nicely. Moving her fingers back to his cock, she ran the slick, wet digits along his shaft. She did it twice more, her natural juices creating the perfect lube.

Beginning the pumping motion once more, her hand slid easily up and down his rigid nine inches. Frank inhaled deeply, enjoying the scent of her on his dick. It aroused him further and he could feel that delicious rush that preceded a good, hard cum.

Meanwhile, her tongue was still busy, slipping in and out of his ass. He tasted so good after the bath and she loved how it felt when his muscles contracted, squeezing her tongue. She knew that he couldn't last too much longer.

"You can't cum until I say you can. And, I realllly want to play."

"I'll... try..." Frank managed to say between gritted teeth.

Ryleigh stopped everything -- not touching him at all.

"TRY? Either yes or no."

"YES! YES! I won't cum until you say! Just don't stop now! Damn, woman!"

Ryleigh would have laughed, but it was too difficult with her tongue deep up his ass again. Her hand was moving faster now, sliding up and down his thick shaft. She loved the silky soft feel of a hard dick. It felt almost as good in her hand as it did in her mouth.

Reluctantly removing her tongue from his fine ass, she told him to spread a bit more and then turned around and slipped in between his legs, her back to the sink. Sitting on the cool tile floor was an unusual feeling and her wet cunt left a slick line as she moved across.

Replacing two fingers with where her tongue had been, she now adjusted his hips and her head so that she could wrap her lips around that awesome piece of meat looking at her, it's lone eye oozing pre-cum at her, begging for relief.

Opening her mouth, Ryleigh leaned in to him, first enjoying the sweet taste of his pre-cum on her tongue. She flicked the head, sending a new series of shivers running up and down Frank's body. Her fingers felt his ass muscles contract around them as she slowly slid them in and out and enjoyed moving them around in his ass.

Slipping the whole head into her mouth, Ryleigh began sucking on the large bulb, running her tongue across the slit, tasting more nectar. She licked and sucked a bit longer, her mouth and tongue only touching the head. Then, when her lips were nice and wet, she went full force down his cock, taking the whole thing.

Frank jumped and let out a load moan, his body continuing to shake.

"Goooooood God," he moaned. "Soon?"

Wanting to feel all of him and enjoying the way his dick rubbed the back of her throat, Ryleigh moved her head up and down, massaging the back of her throat with the head of his cock. She moaned in ecstasy. He did, too.

"I.... can't... wait... much... longer...." He panted.

Sliding his dick out of her mouth, she licked the head a few times, as if it were the best lollipop in the world, then smiled up to him.

"You better find a way. Reach deep within yourself. Think of puppies and kittens. Yes. Cute little pussies just playing all around you, wanting to be petted."

She quickly popped his dick back into her mouth and began to slurp, taking him deep each time. His leg muscles were jumping wildly and she felt his ass tensing up. She could barely move her fingers anymore he was so tight.

"I've got to...." He glanced down at Ryleigh who didn't even look up. It was as if he had said nothing.

"I really... need to..." He panted, grunting from the strain. Her warm mouth and talented tongue were more than he could handle. Those fingers massaging his ass weren't helping matters, though they had slowed down considerably.

"Please?"

Ryleigh pulled him tightly against her, his balls swaying under her chin, her nose buried deep in his hips. She quickly massaged him against the back of her throat a few more times, enjoying the building sense of panic as her body called out for more air. When she could finally wait no longer, she pushed him away just enough to let him move from her mouth so she could speak.

"Where do you want it? Mouth? Face? Tits? Where do you want to cum for me?"

"Mouth," Frank said quickly and began to thrust his hips, shoving his dick back into her eager mouth.

"I can cum now?" he asked, looking down for clarification.

The look in Ryleigh's eyes was his answer and he grinned, beginning to pump even harder. He was now pushing down deep into her throat, further even than she had gone on her own before, and it felt fantastic. Knowing that Ryleigh liked it a bit rough, he had no problem completely fucking her mouth and enjoying every second of it.

A grunt was the only warning he gave as Frank's ass tightened once more, his legs shaking as his pelvis thrust once more deep into Ryleigh's eager mouth. The spunk hit the back of her throat and began to fill her mouth. Trying to swallow it quickly, a bit still began to escape from the sides of her mouth as he began to slow his thrusts and slide in and out once more, milking the sweet cum from his balls into her awaiting lips. 

As he finished and began to stand up, Ryleigh quickly pulled him to her, not letting his escape. 

"You taste too damn good to let a drop get away," she said, licking and sucking on his sensitive cock. He moaned in pleasure as she cleaned him up. Satisfied that he was clean again, she looked up to Frank and stuck out her tongue. There was a bit of his creamy cum still pooled in the center. She swallowed and then smiled, sticking her tongue out again, showing that his cum was gone. Licking her lips and chin, she discovered a bit more and eagerly swallowed that down as well.

"Damn....I've never met anyone else like you before. You are amazing."

Ryleigh smiled.

"I just hang around here cause I love to suck cock, and you've got a great one. That, and the fact that you eat pussy like a pro." She grinned at him. "Speaking of which, I think I left a wet spot on the floor."