 DAMP - AN EXQUISITELY TRUE STORY OF LUST, LIKE AND LIFESTYLE

My thanks to angel_love for gracing this tale with her editing skills. I particularly appreciate her being able to chuckle at and accept, rather than criticize, the images of Hector and his candy.

A sometimes wise woman once explained to me that before one could claim love with a partner, the duo needed to meet the criteria of three preliminary "L" words, those being lust, like and lifestyle. 

Damp, like she'd just showered on a warm summer's eve and slipped into a short cotton dress without drying herself thoroughly. Lilac, fresh and clean like a spring's breeze, glowing from her skin and reminding me of the large, purple flowered bushes growing in my backyard as a child. Dark blonde curls, everywhere cascading like a waterfall from her head. Slow, soft jazz beating away from a saxophone somewhere in the distance and setting the mood.

I'd just entered her home for the first time. We stood in the foyer looking at each other for a long moment, the smile in her eyes captivating my imagination. Little beads of dew dotting her forehead drew my attention from her eyes. The ear-to-ear grin on her mouth matched mine and was just so inviting. Simultaneously we'd stepped into each other's arms. That was minutes, or hours ago. We'd barely moved, save my hand's slowly stroking her slightly damp back. 

Thoughts finally pushed sensation from my mind and I broke the hug, lifting and pulling back my head. Her face tilted up. We were both still ear-to-ear. I couldn't resist. Back to the clench. She's not wearing a bra, I noted to myself. How male of me. 

More minutes passed and she stepped back, took a hand and led me into a slightly darkened living room, minimally but nicely furnished. For no reason at all I noted the walls were painted a goldenrod color. The color matched the mood of the saxophone. 

She motioned to a sofa. I walked forward a couple of steps, turned and sat, landing on the middle of three cushions. The thought of whether or not I was too obvious whisked through my mind. From ten feet away her ear-to-ear grin answered, as it morphed into a seductive, teasing smile. With her hands on her hips and her eyes glued to mine she sashayed straight at me, mounting the sofa without hesitation and planting one knee alongside each of my hips. Grasping my wrists she placed my hands on her breasts.

"Thirty-eight Ds," her first words announced with clear pride. 

My fingers began kneading. Firm and quite real, her breasts were, and each more than what fit into a hand. My gaze dropped from her face to her chest. I watched intently as her fingers interrupted mine and undid three top buttons and spread wide the cotton of her short, summer's dress, inviting me in. My fingers touched her skin, again feeling the fullness of her. Grasping the back of my head she pulled me forward, forcing my face between her breasts and against her warm, damp, lilac scented skin. My hands, no longer able to touch her breasts, reached behind her finding the two firm, round globes seated on my lap. No panties I suspected. 

My tongue licked a wide swath upward to her throat. She leaned away from me, arching her back and thrusting her chest forward while bracing herself with her hands locked behind my head. Tossing back her head, she exposed everything above her navel as a moan escaped her mouth. My mouth found her neck and began kissing, sucking, nibbling, before slowly moving to her shoulders and then to her chest, ultimately finding a nipple, first one and then the other. Opening wide I sought to engulf an entire breast. Silly me, I knew it wouldn't fit. I tried though, sliding my hands to her back and pulling her chest toward me once, twice, three times, simulating intercourse, but her breast was too large to fit into my mouth. Trying a new tactic, both of my hands encircled one of her breasts and tried squeezing it all into my mouth. I stretched my jaws allowing a bit more to enter, but still nowhere near all.

She saved me from further futile attempts by sliding her hands to either side of my face, tilting me upward and to one side and lowering her mouth onto mine. Soft, slow lips touched me. Electricity sparked. A small, wet tongue penetrated me, toying and tasting as it explored. We lingered now, tongues and lips touching, probing, discovering the mysteries of each other's mouths. Neither of us hurried. My tongue under hers, hers under mine. My tongue tracing her teeth, hers tracing mine. My teeth nibbling a lip, hers nibbling mine. There was no order to the exploration, no sequence. It was all curiosity, satisfied randomly. The overwhelmingly erotic concept of little beads of her saliva dripping slowly but necessarily from her mouth above mine into my mouth below hers coupled with that ever slow, sexual saxophone inexorably drained all thought from me, leaving only dizzying sensation. 

Gradually her motion changed as her tongue slowly slid deeper into my mouth before withdrawing. Over and over she repeated this motion. Each time she pushed into me she emitted a small moan. She now was simulating intercourse just as I had tried earlier. As her tongue entered and withdrew from my mouth, she began moving her hips in like manner. I relaxed and allowed myself to lean back deeper into the sofa while opening my mouth wider, providing her full access to me. My hips slowly joined her, raising and lowering in time with her motion. My hands found her hips and assisted her relentless grind.

Thus we continued, as though time were lost. Our motions matched that smooth saxophone. Neither of us was going anywhere quickly. 

I was hard and quite noticeably so to her in spite of my jeans. She, without panties, had found her rhythm against me. Occasionally she jerked slightly as she shoved her groin forward. I knew she had found her pace toward relief. 

I began suctioning her tongue deeper into my mouth before releasing her to withdraw. Small sounds grew, signifying her approval. 

Her hands and fingers tightened around my head pulling me closer. Our mouths opened wider. Our teeth scraped. She adjusted her position slightly, raising her bottom and spreading her knees wider. That little bud at the top of her center now traced its path back and forth directly upon my rough, jeans covered hardness. Her hips quickened as her moans grew louder. Her pace modulated as she began thrusting her hips forward with more force and withdrawing more slowly, still dragging herself against my length.

Faster she moved. Harder she thrust. More intently she withdrew. Louder and more desperate sounds escaped her mouth and slid deliciously into mine before disappearing down my throat. Her mouth pushed hard against me in time with her hips. Her teeth ground against mine. Her tongue thrust as deeply as possible into my mouth and held there. Her moans became grunts timed to the thrusts of her hips. 

I understood there would be no more evenly paced timing, instead simple animalistic action aimed at achieving the singular goal she craved. More thrusts, more grinding and suddenly she stopped. Total quiet. Her mouth off mine.

"Oh yes!" escaped from her mouth.

She drew back her hips slowly and with great purposefulness. Her head falling slightly forward. Suddenly she bucked her hips forward, her head flying upward and backward. She withdrew quickly.

"Now!" 

I didn't know if her word were a demand or an announcement. I didn't care.

One more thrust forward and back. And in quick succession another and another and another. She stopped again. Back arched. Head rolled back. Eyes closed. Slow humming from her throat. I stared in awe and wonder. Three slow thrusts followed by one great one and then one more. 

One more time and suddenly her body shook wildly as sounds beyond recognition escaped her throat while she jerked wildly against me.

Gradually she calmed and then it was over. Her forehead rested against mine. My tongue lightly licked her lips as she continued slowly rocking her hips against me until finally she stopped altogether and collapsed against my chest.

And so I met Teri. Before this evening we'd chatted on the internet and even spoke a few times on the phone. There was a fresh innocense about her sexuality, not as though she were inexperienced, but more like the spirit of an artist who painted simply because she loved creation. On our third evening on line I'd asked if I could visit. She agreed. I asked when. She said her son went to bed at 9. Could I come at 10? I asked tonight? She answered yes and gave quick directions. I told her I would see her in a few hours. All I heard was "mmm" purred into my ear as the phone clicked off.

I showered, shaved, donned jeans, a casual shirt and my traditional penny loafers, sans pennies. The drive took a little more than an hour. I found her apartment door and knocked. No answer. I knocked again. Still no answer. Thoughts of being toyed with and stood up entered my brain. I quieted them, hoping for the best. It was a time shortly after the internet craze began, but before cell phones became a necessity of life. I climbed back into my car and drove to a nearby gas station I had spotted on the drive to her home. I found a phone booth, inserted my quarter into the phone's slot, dialed her number and my heart leaped as she answered. 

"Sorry, I must have been in the shower," she offered. "Come now. I'll be ready."

Back into the car, I flew the quick few blocks to her door. She opened on the first knock. She smiled and I stepped in. From arms length we gazed at each other, saying nothing. Time ceased to exist. At some point we moved into each other's arms, I sensing damp, lilac, curls and the beat of a slow, sweet saxophone.

As Teri's breathing slowed and she regained her strength, she slowly lifted her head, a smile gracing her face. 

She raised her eyebrows. "Your turn," she announced as she began to dismount my lap.

"No," I answered. "Sit on my lap, lean back and hook your legs over my shoulders."

A curious look graced her face as she judged the geometry of my demand. A smile quickly formed, broadened into a grin and bloomed as a laugh. 

"I think I might like this one," she speculated.

It wasn't the most graceful shift ever made by two people, but Teri's not a large woman and with my assistance we were able to slide one of her legs over each of my shoulders without kneeing me in the face and she was able to lay down with her back against my legs. Closing my legs to support her, I grabbed a nearby pillow and slid it beneath her head so she could look up into my face. Using both hands, I pulled her hips up and toward me.

There, an inch in front of my mouth, was the sweetest smelling, freshly cum pussy I'd ever encountered. "Trimmed, not shaven," James Bond would have announced. I just looked and looked and looked, my nose savoring her bouquet. "You're beautiful," I told her.

With one hand's supporting each buttock, my thumbs spread her labia and my tongue made first contact with her anus. She startled, but quickly relaxed. Spreading my tongue to its full width, I licked ever so slowly upward, anus to clitoris. My first sensation was overwhelming wet, warm and sweet. At the top of my first lick, my mouth found and covered her clitoris, sucking lightly as my tongue traced the alphabet.

Laying the backside of my tongue against her, I slid in reverse, from her top back down to the point of beginning. I played with her anus, licking her and attempting to enter her. I wetted her thoroughly there, occasionally supplementing my saliva with a generous dollop of her own moisture gathered from up above. 

Throughout she signaled her approval with occasional noises and the gentle rocking of her hips against my face while her hands tugged my ears.

I shifted slightly so her bottom rested against my chest and I reached forward with one hand and touched that thumb to her lips.

She made a point of wrapping her two hands around that wrist and pushing that thumb deep into her mouth. My sensation was wet, warm suction. I knew I was as deep as the webbing between my thumb and first finger permitted. I pressed, trying to reach deeper. She toyed with my thumb, biting carefully. A few slides in and out and over again, gnawing, grating teeth and an active tongue and I withdrew from her mouth and slid easily into her anus. Four fingers of my hand beneath her and one thumb inserted into her. I gently rocked that thumb in and out a few times matching it's motion in her mouth a moment earlier. 

I felt her tense for a moment, but quickly relax and sink a bit further into my lap. I watched her hands find her breasts. She squeezed them and kneaded them and rubbed them. From time to time she switched to her nipples, pulling and tweaking and twisting. Fascinating is the word that popped into my mind. She wasn't always doing with her left hand what she was doing with her right. I lowered my mouth to her clitoris and licked and sucked for a few moments while concentrating my eyes on her hands as they worked her breasts, each hand operating independently of the other. I wonder if I can do that, I pondered. I filed the thought for later exploration.

My tongue went back to work, licking up and down between her labia. Probing her vagina, lapping her clitoris. All the while Teri was making her approval well known by slightly escalating motion and sound. 

"Bite me," I heard. Somehow I knew it was a command. 

My mouth encircled her clitoris. My teeth found her small, sensitive nub, and began gently scraping back and forth against it. Her hips generated a bit more movement. My lips touched her clitoris and my teeth bit down against the inside of my lips causing pressure against her. 

"No, use your teeth." 

Complying, my teeth replaced my lips and closed directly against her. Top teeth against the top of her clitoris and bottom teeth against the bottom of her clitoris. I slowly closed the gap between top and bottom and begin gnawing on her. Her reactions begged for more.

Her hips began moving again. Her hands found the back of my head and pinned me against her. My teeth continued their not quite microscopic work on her clitoris. Nibbles as I lightly bit down on her while pulling my mouth gradually away from her and pushing it back again. Scraping motions as I held my teeth in place and moved my head forward and back. 

More sounds, guttural, yet approving. More hips. More pull against my head.

I bit harder. She jumped as much as one on her back can jump and I heard, "Again, again."

I did it. Gnawing harder. Over and over and over. Biting down on her. Sliding my teeth against her until she escaped my grasp. I found her again and again and each time I bit down she bucked her hips against me and screamed her approval. I knew she was close. I continued. My thumb began penetrating her anus in time with my teeth against her clitoris. Her hips continued thrusting. Her throat continued generating incredible sounds.

"Now, now, now."

Her head was rolling side to side. Her fingers were stretching her nipples and twisting hard. Her hips were rising and falling, bucking against my face. Her voice was screaming and suddenly I was treated to an explosion of nectar. The remarkably sweet taste of peach struck me full on. I planted my mouth against its source and lapped at her juice as quickly as it flowed from her. Teri was in a frenzy: her hips bucking; her anus pulsating against my thumb; uncontrolled sounds escaping her mouth. I sucked and lapped as fast as I could, trying to keep pace with her cum.

Gradually she slowed and I followed suit. My teeth no longer touched her. My tongue began applying soothing relief were my teeth once bit. Another collapse against me and Teri was finished. I withdrew my thumb. She closed her eyes and I slowly continued licking at my leisure, both to cleanse her and more importantly to satisfy my own craving. She was still.

Five minutes later, ten minutes later, it doesn't matter, her hips began slowly moving against my face. I didn't change my pace, but smiled at her as her eyes opened. 

"Hi Jake. Welcome to my home. May I get you something to drink?"

"Hi Teri. Thanks for the welcome. You have a very nice home, but I'll pass on the drink right now. I've just enjoyed quite enough for the moment."

"Did you like it?"

"Quite tasty actually."

"Oh? Does that mean I'll be able to offer you another drink later?" she asked, feigning innocence at her thinly veiled reference. 

"I do tend to get thirsty frequently Teri."

"I'm beginning to like you Jake."

There were so many possible comebacks that I just smiled into her face.

"Is it your turn yet Jake? I do want your cum in my mouth you know."

"Yes Teri, I think it's my turn now."

We untangled ourselves. She stood and offered her hand. I accepted, she pulled and I stood. 

"Follow me. My son's asleep upstairs and I don't want you to awaken him." 

"I'll be quiet," I promised.

"I doubt that Jake. I doubt that very much."

She led me across the living room to a set of stairs leading down and into a finished basement. White walls framed a medium sized console TV, with a cable box and a VCR on top. Her computer sat on a desk, faced by an office chair. A sofa, a rocking chair, a bookcase and a couple of tables all surrounded a red woven area rug. A few eclectic pictures on the walls, as well as knick-knacks on tables completed the room. That same sweet slow saxophone as I'd heard upstairs continued setting the mood.

Teri motioned to the rocker. I sat. She grabbed a pillow from the sofa and tossed it on the floor in front of the rocker. She knelt and reached for my belt. I'd lost my shoes upstairs somewhere. I don't think she'd worn any from the beginning. I sucked in my belly and she unbuckled. Her fingers found the button above my fly and she slid it through its buttonhole. Those talented fingers next found my fly and I was unzipped.

"Lift," she ordered.

I did.

She tugged from my ankles and I was without pants.

A smile lit her face. "White cotton briefs. Somehow I knew that Jake."

"I hope they're appropriate for the occasion Teri. I thought black silk might be a bit brazen for a first date."

"Wear the black silk next time Jake. I can take it."

Lifting my eyebrows, cocking my head and giving a wry smile, I managed, "Yes M'am."

"Lift again."

I, of course, complied again as a pair of deft hands stripped me of my skivvies.

There I sat, in a rocking chair, in a strange woman's basement, naked from the waist down. I must not have worn socks that evening. My shirt still was on and buttoned to the penultimate button. She still wore her short little dress, but it was unbuttoned three times at the top and completely wrinkled from our upstairs escapades. We must have looked quite the pair.

Now I was 48 years old on the first evening I sat in that rocker. I knew from our conversations that Teri was 33, fifteen years my junior. I was in pretty good shape, being an active tennis player who still could keep up with the good local high school talent. 5 - 11, 180, most of my hair left. Originally it had been red, then brown as an adult, now it was greying gracefully. Teri likewise appeared to be in good shape. In fact, she reminded me of Martina Hingus, not as Martina looks now, but as she looked then. About 5-4 I'd guess from the extended hugging. Maybe 110 or 120. Not skinny, not fat, just right. Oh, and don't forget the thirty-eight D twins she'd so proudly introduced to me. In truth had Teri not first brought up the issue, I never would have thought about trying to assign a number to their size as I'm not much into size issues. Likewise, I'll not disclose my size, except to say that I seem to be adequate.

Anyway, as Teri pulled my skivvies from me, Ole Hector rose to the occasion and immediately stood tall, saluting her efforts. Yes, I know it's sophomoric to name one's penis and you can snigger if you wish, but Teri did smile and seemed to understand as she played along.
