 Just like Chrissy, Ally had a huge amount of sexual energy pent up from years of living with an inattentive, philandering husband. Our powerfully primal first fuck left no doubt of that. But she, like Chrissy, didn't feel comfortable with a full-on, see each other often kind of affair. So we played it the same as Chrissy and I did — every two weeks or so I'd get a phone message from one of them, and go to their house and do a little job. With Chrissy, she'd give me an awesome blow-job, and then she'd meet me at my place after I finished my work and we'd make love like crazy. With Ally, I fucked her silly in every room of the house except the master bedroom. We often did it near a window with Chrissy watching us through her telescope, sending us hilarious text messages when we were through. But gradually Ally got bolder and wanted to get out of the house a bit, and I quickly discovered she liked having sex in risky places. Who knows, maybe it was Chrissy watching us that got her into the idea. 

Her husband was literally never around, his work and his mistress kept him completely occupied. It was rough on her before I came into her life—she told me about some really dangerous bouts with depression—but she was very much on the upswing, and as she got more confident in her sexuality she didn't seem to care whether her marriage survived or not. So we started going out on the town together now and then, mostly live music events in small clubs. They were the kinds of places her husband's friends wouldn't be caught dead at anyway. 

I'm a music nut and go out a lot, but Ally hadn't seen live music since before she got married over twenty years ago. She quickly realized she loved the scene, especially dirty dancing with me to a rockin' blues band in a sweaty club. She dressed hot and was super sexy in those situations, and I was often the envy of every guy in the joint. We'd do shots and occasionally get high, and the horniness level was off the charts as we danced. I'd be rock hard after her first gyration, and it was off to the races. As time went on we got bolder and at some point in the night I'd try and get her off somehow, usually with my fingers—she loved having an orgasm right on the dance floor—but we even managed to fuck one time with her sitting on my lap in a dark booth, and it sent us on a quest to do that kind of thing more often. It was crazy, and a huge rush for both of us.

I got a lot more work in Chrissy and Ally's neighborhood that summer from people who saw my truck around. They were all very wealthy homeowners, so my prices went up and I felt like I was rolling in the dough for a change. I'm not one to save my money so I bought a super cool old Airstream trailer, one of the smaller ones that's easy to tow around. I did a little work to fix it up, and Ally and I decided to break it in at a smallish weekend long music festival a little ways north of here. It's the kind of festival that's mostly early twenties hippie kids and older Dead Head types — lots of tie dye and dreadlocks and drugs. I had been a couple times before, but this would be my first time camping there. 

We set-up on a Friday afternoon, strung up some battery powered twinkle lights under the trailer's awning, and mixed up a pitcher of margaritas. The music kicked off soon after, and there was lots of sexy dancing going on so we fit right in. After the first band finished we were already horny as hell, so we walked hand-in-hand back to the trailer for a quick fuck. A cute young girl was following us, and when we got to the trailer she caught up to us.

"I was watching you guys dance. I hope I'm as sexy as you when I get older," she said.

"Oh, you're sweet, but have you looked in the mirror lately? I don't think you'll have any problem in that department," Ally said. "What do you think Steve?" 

"Yup," I said, looking the girl over and zeroing in on her jiggly bra-less tits. "About as sexy as it gets." 

We offered her a margarita, she had a joint in the pocket of her long hippie dress, and before long we were all high and naked on the bed. Her name was Peep, at least that's what she said her friends called her, and she was 19. I wouldn't call her over-weight, but she had more soft squishy flesh on her than Ally, and she had the most amazing cone-shaped nipples I've ever seen. Her skin was deeply tan, with a milky white ass and big milky white tits. Her shape made a wonderful contrast to Ally's little gymnast-like body, and I was in hippie heaven. Seeing how eagerly Ally took to a threesome made me wonder why Ally and Chrissy and I had never gotten together. Peep and Ally and I spent the whole festival weekend together, dancing like sex fiends in front of the stage, and fucking our brains out in the trailer. It was a wild weekend and Ally loved it.

After a month or so passed Ally found out about Nicki losing her virginity with Chrissy and me at the lodge. Nicki told her all about it, and just as Nicki suspected, Ally was pretty cool with it. Ally told me at first it shocked her, but after she had a long talk with Chrissy about why it happened and how it happened, she realized it was a safe and loving place for Nicki, and she actually seemed grateful.

Soon after that I ran into my friend Penny at a local blues bar, and we went outside for a chat.

"I got an email from Johnny," she said. 

"Oh, how's he doin'?" I asked. "He's probably somewhere warm already."

"Actually he's playing in Albany next Friday, and he asked if any of us could get together this weekend," Penny said. "He's got a few days free and he's willing to drive anywhere. I'd really love to have another party at the camp before winter settles in. Makes me horny just thinkin' about it." 

"Count me in," I said. 

She said her friend Mary couldn't make it, which disappointed me. Mary's powerfully sexual voluptuousness gives Chrissy a run for her money, and I've always had a thing for redheads. Mary pushes all my buttons for sure.

"I'd love to have one or two more people join us. God, I could get an orgasm just thinkin' about it," she said, and her body trembled a bit. 

I discretely told her a little about Ally, and she loved the idea. I cautioned her I wasn't sure if Ally would be into it, but that Chrissy and I would talk it up. 

The next day I contacted the girls. I already knew Chrissy would want to go if she could, and Ally was very into it too, without hesitation. 

The day after that Ally called me, and sounded disappointed. Nicki had just called her—she and her boyfriend were coming down for the weekend, their first weekend off together in a long time, and Nicki wanted to spend time with her mom. I was half tempted to say, 'Why don't they join us at Penny's', but I thought that would be pushing things, so I told her I was disappointed too, and I was sure we could do it next summer. She was unhappy when we said goodbye.

The next day she called me, sounding happy again, and what she said really surprised me. She told me Nicki had gotten out of her why she seemed sad, and I think there was much phone calling between Chrissy and Nicki, and Nicki and Ally. It turned out that Nicki and her boyfriend wanted to join us at Penny's and Ally seemed very okay with it. I couldn't believe it and even tried to talk her out of it, but she and Nicki were talking very freely about sex at that point and she said Nicki and her boyfriend were exploring new things, and they all had decided they really wanted to experience something like Penny's party, together. 

"Jesus Ally," I said over the phone, "do you really want me fucking your daughter right in front of you? You know very well it might happen." 

"She told me how loving you and Chrissy were to her. And I know first hand how loving and caring you are to Chrissy and me. I think it might be beautiful to watch." 

"Wow," I said. "You are somethin' else. You realize I'm getting horny right now, right?" 

"Ooo!" she said. "What are you wearing? Have you got your cock in your hand?" We laughed away the nervousness.

Of course Penny was over the moon with delight when I called her and explained it all to her. "Can you handle seven people up there?" I asked. 

"Are you kidding baby? I'll go up tomorrow and knock out a wall if I have to," she said, and we laughed. 

The Autumn Orgy at Camp Heaven was on.