 Chapter 1: A Hot Day by the Pool

Hi, I'm Dan, and want to tell you about a hot experience I had on vacation this year. Earlier this summer, eight of us rented a villa on Spain's Costa Blanca. The weather was hot, over 100 degrees, and having worked hard for several months, all we wanted to do was to chill out, lazing in the sun by day and having a few beers and some whisky at night, sometimes hitting the town. Some of the guys made fools of themselves, trying to get off with the local girls, who sat in the nightclubs in twos and threes, looking gorgeous, smiling, giggling, but always out of reach. One or two pairings were made within our group, so it became a bit fragmented, with people always coming and going at the villa, to-ing and fro-ing at night, whispers, giggles.

On one particularly hot day, the others wanted to go on a trip up the valley to get away from the heat, so they were off bright and early, leaving just myself and Jayna behind. Jayna was hot, curvy and luscious, with long dark brown hair and gorgeous green eyes. I hope I'm not too bad, tall, blond hair, blue eyes, quite slim -- except where it counts, of course! 

That morning, the others hadn't been gone long before Jayna came out to the veranda, having changed into a tiny yellow bikini held together only with ties. Her beautiful hair was tucked into a baseball cap, exposing her tanned back and the exquisite line of her spine. I tried not to think about running the tip of my tongue the whole length of that spine, as, with all her sunbathing stuff, she settled herself onto one of the sunbeds on the lawned side of the pool. I was still finishing my coffee.

'Wanna join me?' she asked, with a slight smile and an intense look. Not needing to be asked again, I dove indoors and changed. I noticed I was getting a little hard already, so I picked a loose pair of swim-shorts and went out and joined her, choosing a sun-bed a few feet away.

Jayna -- what a lovely name - started by putting on her sun-cream, first over her chest, belly and thighs, then she held out the bottle for me to rub some on her back. It was heavenly, rubbing the fragrant lotion into her soft, already tanned skin, carefully replacing the thin straps of the bikini top, while having fantasies of pulling down her bikini pants, smoothing the lotion onto the cheeks of her gorgeous, round ass, parting her thighs slightly and exploring her with my fingers. Somehow I controlled myself, and handed back the bottle.

For perhaps twenty minutes or so, she lay on the sunbed, a little restless, turning about several times. God! The sight of her made me so horny, and I knew I was completely erect in my shorts, having to make adjustments when she wasn't looking. 

After some time like this, she looked around furtively, even though no-one else was around, sat up and untied her bikini top. She pulled at it slowly, letting the straps dangle provocatively over the rounded flesh, gradually uncovering more, until with a little shake, she allowed her top to fall away, revealing the full glory of her gorgeous, full tits.

Man, that was such a sight! She again picked up the bottle of sun-lotion, pouring a little on her fingers, working it firstly around each breast generally, and then, with her fingertips, massaging it gently around her large aureoles, pulling her nipples out to erectness. All the time she did this, she smiled over at me, as if to say 'Do you like this, Danny boy?'

God, I liked it all right. I wanted to be the one smoothing the lotion sensuously around her breasts, enclosing each one in my hands, squeezing her nipples and making her moan with pleasure. I am sure she could see my cock distending my shorts, she could see the definite wet patch which had appeared where I was oozing pre-cum, drooling for her.

I could see that her tits were still big, even lying down, and I enjoyed the sight of the roundness of her tits, topped off by her nipples, quite long and squared-off, as I had seen before through her thinner t-shirts. As she lay there, she had one hand over her belly, and after a while she began stroking the skin of her belly softly, and sometimes dipping into the bikini bottom, looking furtively to see whether I was watching. I had been pretending to survey the garden in general, but I had seen all right, and she knew. 

'Hey, Danny boy, you like this?' she drawled, as with her right hand she began to rub her mound inside the bikini pants, undulating her hips slightly as she did so. As she pulled on the first tie of her bikini pants, I could wait no longer.

'Want some help?' I smiled, as I rolled near to her and began to pull teasingly on the second tie, leaving her bikini pants still covering her, but loose. I leaned down and kissed her mound through the material, pulling it away between my teeth as I withdrew. She gasped with pleasure as I parted her thighs a little, and revealed her naked crotch.

To my surprise Jayna had shaven her cunt entirely, revealing a little cleft, with intricately gorgeous folds of pink skin, beginning to swell and glisten, and as she bent her knees and removed the bikini pants completely, I caught a glimpse of the little pink protuberance of her clitoris. 

"Oh baby, you're beautiful!' I moaned, and was just about to run my finger the whole length of her slit and dip into her, when she rolled over, got to her feet, and, discarding her baseball hat, began to run to the pool, her ass and tits jiggling as she moved.

As she swam completely naked, I could see first her bare ass, and her hair trailing in the water, and then as she swam on her back, her tits broke surface like holy mountains, her nipples making sharp peaks in the cool water.

'Come on in, it's lovely!' she called, and needing no persuasion I dove in and joined her. She pulled off my swim-shorts underwater, so at last my cock was free. 

'Well, he's pleased to see me, isn't he?' she smiled as she squeezed my shaft and pulled at it a little before swimming away. I like to think I can make eight inches any time, but God, he was on world record form that day! As I swam after her, I enjoyed the feeling of the cool water of the pool swirling around my body, caressing the stiffness of my cock. I just wanted to catch her, and sink it into her, here in the water, from behind, holding her tits, but she kept escaping me.

For her the game had hardly got started. She swam over to the steps, got out, and sat at the pool edge with her knees drawn up, showing between her thighs a glimpse of her pussy lips. I went to swim to where she was, and kiss those lips.

"Oh no you don't! Not yet anyway!' said with a naughty smile as she ran off again, back to the sunbed, where she dabbed at herself a little with a towel.

That delay was her mistake. I got out straight over the pool side, and caught up with her, pulling her over onto her back on the grass, and holding her down playfully by her shoulders, and pinning down her knees with mine.

'Now then, missie, what am I going to do with you?' I laughed, observing her wide-open crotch, and her tits which trembled as she laughed too. God, she was about to be all mine. I felt like a boy in a sweet shop, but this was going to be a very grown up game.

I looked down at my rigid cock, and wanted to plunge it into her pussy right there, but that would be too easy. Still holding her captive, I leaned down and kissed her mouth, at first gently, then with more urgency as she responded, and our tongues intertwined. I moved my hands off her shoulders as I kissed her throat, and finally took one whole nipple into my mouth. God, her nipples were sweet. At first I licked and played with her nipple button, then took a mouthful of her breast fully into my mouth and sucked hard. She moaned with pleasure, and I moved over to the other nipple, very tenderly biting it, before again taking it fully into my mouth and pleasuring it to the full.

Shifting again, I planted gentle little licks and kisses on her stomach and belly. She began to moan, and, with her arms around me, she seemed to be pulling me closer and arching up under me. Around her navel I stopped and inserted my tongue, then began a steady trail downwards, licking and kissing. This made her draw up her legs either side of me, and spread them, so that I got a fantastic close up view of her entire crotch -- her clit, her labia, and right down into her.

'Ohh! Lick me! Eat me!' she begged, dragging my head nearer to her sex. But I just teased her, running the tip of my tongue either side of her mound, along the crease of her thigh. Nevertheless, this made her moan with pleasure, and push herself up to me all the more.

'So what does Jayna want, eh? A bit of this?', as I first flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, then circled round her pussy lips, licking gently and nibbling. This made me really horny, I can tell you, doing something so intimate to a gorgeous woman. I could taste her juices oozing from between her pussy lips, and I wanted a better taste. Parting the pink folds with my thumbs, I plunged my tongue deep inside, and tasted her warm depths fully. She tasted gorgeous, all creamy and delicious. After moving my tongue around inside her for some time, I slowly, slowly drew it out, pressing on her G-spot and tickling under her clit.

"Oh Dan, baby, that's beautiful!' she cried in ecstasy, her eyes closed, her lips and nipples swollen with arousal, her intimate flesh begging to be explored some more. I plunged my tongue between the pussy lips and inside her again, tasting, pleasing, then drawing out again, so slowly, and then I drew my head back to observe my handiwork. It was an awesome sight, her legs wide open, crotch on show, pussy lips and clit fully erect, red and moist. But I wasn't going to satisfy her like this. I sat up a little, smoothed my pre-cum around the head of my cock, stroked it around her pussy lips and opening, and played her at her own game by pulling away and lying on my back beside her.

'If you want me, come and get me!' I sang, and she was so horny and frustrated that she had to obey. She wanted to sit on my cock, but no, my cock wanted some attention first. She spread my legs and knelt between them, her now-drying hair cascading down onto my belly. She cleared her hair off to one side, took my cock in her left hand, flicked her tongue across the top of the head, and looked up at me naughtily. The next time she took a bit more of my cock-head into her mouth, sucked a little, then looked up at me again, licking her lips as if it were tasty. Then, her tongue fully extended, she licked from the base of my scrotum, up between my balls, and then the entire length of my shaft, ending with a flick with the tip of her tongue along the sensitive part of the head. God, that was gorgeous, and I knew I was oozing again. With her other hand she gently started to stroke my balls, in little circles, underneath where I like it, then all over, as her tongue repeated its journey the length of my shaft. This time though, she took me further into her sweet mouth, gripping my shaft firmly between her lips, sliding past the ridges of the head, and taking me in as far as she could.

'Oh yes! Oh baby, that's gorgeous! Oh yes, suck my cock!' was all I could say, as I tried not to thrust up into her mouth. She held the base of my cock in one hand, took all my shaft in, then pulled back very slowly, several times, occasionally licking my cock-head with a circular motion of the flat of her tongue, then sometimes flicking my frenum with the tip. She changed position a little during this, and I think she was starting to finger herself, as in spite of having my entire cock in her mouth, she was moaning. And God, so was I. I had never been done like this before, and just wanted to thrust up into her, and shoot my semen down her throat. 

Eventually she pulled back, sucking my cock so hard she nearly drained it right there. Adjusting position, she sat astride my hips, her pussy lips brushing the shaft of my cock, and she leaned forward and gave me a passionate kiss on the mouth. I was no doubt tasting my own juices as I returned her kiss, then rocking her back onto me so that she was again in contact with my cock. She moved so that she rubbed my shaft against her pussy lips again, then reaching down, inserted the end of my cock between her pussy lips. I sighed in ecstasy as I felt their kiss, wet, warm and marvellous. 

I just wanted to pull her down on me and penetrate her right then, but she was not allowing it yet. Kneeling up a little, she moved slightly, just enough to allow my cock-head between her pussy lips, then out, then in again a couple of times. But now I could tell that she wanted my meat inside her, and she sat down hard, and I was fully inside her.

God, that felt wonderful, her warm, intimate flesh surrounding my shaft, the friction, the sliding, the wetness, the rhythmic grip of her internal muscles. Her eyes were closed, she was moaning, gasping, crying, as she moved her body up and down on my cock. I could feel the keen pleasure she was giving my body, with the sharper feel of the rough grass on which I was lying, and the contrast was exquisite. I wanted her riding me hard, faster, rougher, hurting me. When I opened my eyes I could see her tits jiggling with the movement, her hair falling around her shoulders again in abandonment, my cock plunging into her, and briefly emerging wet and shining with her juices, before being consumed again by her hungry pussy. Then she just pumped hard and fast, her face working with the effort, little squeals of pleasure escaping her lips.

She began to lean back a little, and, still pumping hard, she cried 'Oh God, I'm coming! Oh yes! It's coming! Aaaaagh!' She slowed her fingers down, and I watched as, with a little cry, she pulled back off my cock a little, and a pulse of clear, sweet moisture came out of her onto my belly. She writhed for a moment, another cry as more liquid oozed out, then she clamped down hard on my cock.

'Dan, I want you to come for me! I want to fuck you, and make you come!' I had been holding back a little, but now needed no persuasion, as I pulled her down by the arms and thrust up into her, until I felt my balls tighten, and I knew I was going to shoot my load.

'I'm coming baby! I'm coming! Where do you want it, baby?' 

'Oh, I want it in my cunt! Fill me baby! Shoot it in me baby!'

A couple more thrusts, and I nearly passed out as my cock went into several spasms, each one ecstatic and totally draining, as I felt the surge of pleasure, and knew that my seed was rushing into her. I hadn't done it yet during this holiday, and what with the anticipation of today, I just had to spend it and spend it inside her, a fantastic release which had me groaning, then crying out, any disjointed words of ecstasy as I hit the heights of pleasure.

All went a little vague for a few seconds, although I was aware of Jayna leaning down and kissing my face, my neck, my chest, then gently moving off me and laying down beside me, in the crook of my arm, her arm across my chest, and one leg across my thigh. Her head was on my shoulder, her forehead brushing my cheek. Eventually she moved to get a towel and dry both of us, as the results of our passion were very evident, and when we had the energy, still naked, we walked indoors hand in hand, to the big double room, where my lovely wife Jayna and I slept for a while, to recover from our exertion and our ecstasy.

The guys came home by evening, full of their trip up-country, telling us of all they had seen, and asking what was for supper that night. But first, they had something to show us.

'Lost these, anybody?' they laughed, as between them they produced a creased yellow bikini, and a rather soaked pair of swim-shorts, which they had apparently found abandoned by the pool. We just looked at each other and blushed. Well, if they would leave us on our own....

(instalments to come, if interested.....

The Beach Barbeque,

The Poolside Party,

And whatever else....)