 --= 11 =--

I just looked at Danny, completely dumbfounded. I didn't know what to say, at least, I didn't know where to begin. How did he know? Am I that bad of a liar? Did Kevin tell him? No, he had no chance to. Unless, he texted him on his phone?

I played the stupid card: "I uhm, don't know what you're talking about?"

"Soph, I was there." I felt like I was going to hurl at this point.

"Th-there?"

"Yeah. I had to take a piss 'n I heard noises outside the door. Here I was thinkin': 'Wow, what mother fucker got lucky t'nite?' I walk in and see your shoes under the stall."

My face was burning. I was so humiliated. He may as well have walked into my bedroom when Kevin was there. Ugh, I don't know what's worse: being caught in a bathroom stall, or my "baby sister" image trashed in front of Danny's very eyes.

"Look Soph. You're an adult, you can do whatever you want. It's just that you're my sister. I know that I haven't been in your life much to really have the proper "big brother" title, but I'm still protective of you. I care about who sees you, and in what light."

I felt tears swell in my eyes. One dropped and I went to wipe it off. The stern look on Dan's face washed away into concern.

"Aw, I didn't mean to make you cry." He leaned in to give me a bear hug.

"No, it's not that," I muffled in his chest. He let go and I gave a soft chuckle. "As fucked up as this sounds, this is our bonding moment. You catchin' baby sis doin' the dirty in a bathroom."

We just looked at each other and burst out laughing. I could see where Danny's concerns lie, and I knew I had to clear things up. The scary thing was, I knew how I felt, but I didn't know how Kevin felt. Granted he tells me I'm his, but he could just be hopped up on hormones or something.

"Danny, I'm really sorry you had to see that. Believe me, I had no intentions of having you catch me in such a compromising position. I just don't want you to think that I'm being young and stupid. I know how I feel about Kevin. I didn't mean to fall for him so hard, but in the end I did."

"I see."

"And I know he just broke up with his girlfriend and all, I just-" I looked up at Danny and gave a shy smile. "I really like Kevin. Really really like him. He's on my mind all the time, and I care about him a lot." I paused. "But who knows; I could be a rebound. God, maybe I am young and dumb and full of..."

"Let's not finish that sentence," he laughed nervously, "I know Kevin. We've been friends since middle school. He isn't the type to just fuck around. Figuratively and... literally."

It felt good to hear that. But I knew that hearing it from Danny wasn't enough. I didn't want to pressure Kevin into expressing his feelings, or force him to say things he doesn't mean. It's just that I have a really bad habit of feeling emotions hard. I guess the best thing I can do at this point is to give each other space, slow us down a bit. See if there's more than just really hot, heavy, and mmm... gratifying sex.

--= 12 =--

The morning started off like any other. Danny and I decided to keep this between us. Jen was already gone and Dan was just about there. I just sat on the couch knowing that my day would be filled with nothing but loneliness. I pretended to watch TV, but really I was stuck on yesterday's events.

Was I feeling guilty? Should I? After confessing my feelings for Kevin to Dan, I started to think more on it. All night I just laid in bed staring at the ceiling feeling conflicted. On one hand, I knew there was no way I could stop seeing Kevin. Even if I couldn't physically see him, I will always think about him. And on the other hand, all we've done is fuck. So how is it possible that I care about him so damn much?

God, I hate being a girl sometimes. Always gotta over think things.

"Hey Soph, burgers ok for tonight?"

"Burgers are perfect."

"Kay well, see you later." And then he was gone.

I let out a heavy sigh. Sometimes I hated being alone. Being alone meant you were left with your thoughts. Normally I'd let my mind venture through all the things in my head, but for once I let my mind go blank. The TV played off in the background as I slowly dozed off.

-=-

It was a dreamless sleep, all it took was a light rap at the door to wake me up. I rubbed my eyes, then moseyed my way to the door. I opened it slowly, peeking my head around. I looked up and smiled weakly.

"Hey," he said, barely a whisper.

"Hey." There was something different about Kevin's presence. It was like our moods had synced and we were feeling the same way. "Come in?"

"Thank you." He stepped in, moving so I could shut the door, then we just stood there, awkwardly.

"So, uhm, I got a call from Dan."

I pursed my lips, "Did you now? I think I can guess how that conversation went."

"Oh yeah? Lemme hear it," he chuckled.

I cleared my throat and did my best to imitate Danny, "So, you're bangin' my sis'. Well lemme tell you, you hurt her and I'll be the last one to fuck you up. Understand?" I tried so hard not to laugh.

Kevin didn't: "Hahaha! Close, close! There may have been more swearing, but you pretty much nailed it."

"I knew he was a little soft with me. Guess you got the hard blow." This only added to my guilt.

"He also mentioned that I should be careful with your feelings, and to not toy around with you. Danny's a good man, always lookin' out for the people he cares about." He pressed his hands gently on my cheeks, pulling me to look at him. "But so am I. I look out for the people I care about, and your feelings are on the top of my priority list. Sophie, I care about you a lot."

By now he had his nose pressed on mine, and his voice was but a whisper. "I'm sure you've thought of yourself as just being a rebound or whatever, well I'm tellin' you right now, you're not. You're so much more. The second I met you, I felt it, this electricity between us."

"I felt it too," I said with my eyes closed. Hearing his voice was so soothing.

I sensed his lips curving up, "Good." He tilted my head up and gave me a gentle kiss. It was very reassuring, like all my questions were answered in the last three minutes, and I think he knew it, too.

"So, how do you feel about gettin' some ice cream?"

I looked down at myself. I still had on my Snoopy pajamas. I laughed, "Well, could I at least get ready?"

"You look ready to me. Gorgeous," he smiled.

"Ha-ha," I mocked, "Nice try. But not even you can con me into feeling beautiful in the morning."

"I'm not conning anyone. Just stating facts."

I smiled over at him. What the hell was I so worried about? I should really stop over-thinking and just go with the flow. My instincts have proven itself useful so far.

--= 13 =--

We went into town for some ice cream. We just sat there talking and talking. I think I went through three ice cream cones before I finally settled for water. I learned a lot about Kevin. Like, he's been in the Air force since he was 18. He joined the day he graduated and said that it was the best decision he's made for himself. He told me that things at home weren't too great, and this was his only way out. Then he finished by saying how he hasn't seen his family since he joined. I wasn't sure what to make of that. I knew that some family's could be seriously dysfunctional, but so much so that he hasn't seen them in nearly 10 years?

Anyway, I told him about my sad life story. Not so much boo-hoo teary sad, more along the lines of pathetic. I went on about my no-longer friends, and my no-life situation, and instead of feeling like the loser I normally feel, I felt relieved. Kevin just smiled at me the whole time, comforting me at my low points, and chuckling at the high points. For the first time, I felt like myself - my whole self, and not some sugar-coated Sophie I usually play for people.

Eventually we made it back to Dan's place, and settled on the couch to watch some TV. Kevin laid behind me, wrapping his arms around me so I wouldn't fall off. He kept brushing his nose across my lower neck and it drove me insane. He would run a hand up my side, just under my shirt, that sent chills everywhere. I tried really hard to hide my enjoyment, because anytime I moaned to his touch, he would laugh to himself and stop.

"You're the biggest fucking tease ever."

"What are you talking about? It's your cute ass that keeps pressing itself into my cock, sweetheart."

I looked down, and smiled. "Well what do you know, it is!" I said as I pushed my ass (this time intentionally) into his thickening cock. He moaned into my ear, and bit down gently as he sucked in a breath.

"And you say that I'm the fucking tease." He licked and nibbled just below my ear, and ran a hand over my waist, slipping two fingers just below my shorts. I felt him circle his fingers around my mound, twirling my hairs in anticipation.

I could feel my pussy burning in my panties, and every touch from Kevin was like electricity. The light touch of his fingers excited me, the warmth from his body behind me soothed me, his breath across my neck finished me. I reached behind me and stroked his cock through his jeans. It was definitely full grown and aching just as much as me. Finally his finger reached the slit of my outer lips and it gently grazed over my clit. My body jolted, causing my ass to bounce onto his cock.

He bit down on my shoulder, letting out a loud moan through his teeth. He removed himself from behind me and slid down off the couch. I laid back facing him, letting him undress me with his eyes before he actually followed through. He slid his hands up my legs, then down my thighs, and took each side of my shorts in his hands and pulled down, along with them my undies. He tossed them to the side and moved his way down between my legs.

He came face to face with my pussy, and looked up at me. He smiled before he plunged his soft tongue over my clit. I arched my back in pleasure and moaned as he swirled his tongue in circles. Both hands were placed on each ass cheek, massaging them carefully as he devoured my pussy. He kept flicking his tongue viciously onto my clit - over and over again. The abuse didn't stop there as he slid one hand away from my cheek, and tickled its way up my crack. He played with the bottom of my pussy, taunting the inner lips with his rough hands.

It didn't take long for his fingers to be lubed with my juices. He trailed them up and down my slit, still working his tongue on my pulsing bud. I had both hands clenched on the cushions of the couch as I pushed my pussy into Kevin's face. I couldn't stop moaning and whining, he just felt so damn good.

Suddenly I felt him slip two fingers deep into my pussy, taking me by surprise. I bucked my hips in response, and that only pushed his fingers deeper. As he circled his tongue around my clit, he twisted his fingers in my pussy, rubbing his thumb just below my clit.

I raked my nails lightly down my thigh before my hand met the back of Kevin's head. I pulled on his head and meshed my pussy into his face. He let out a buzzing moan that vibrated over my pussy. I rolled my head back letting out a heavy sigh, and I pushed my hips closer to him, (as if that's possible.) His fingers kept fucking my hole and his mouth kept sucking my clit. I was riding his face hard, I couldn't get enough of him.

He removed his hands and placed them on my hips, pulling them up so my pussy was higher. He grabbed a hold of them, then buried his face into my pussy. He widened his tongue and lapped all over my cunt, up and down, in circles, and sucked in my overflowing juices. Then he worked his tongue ferociously over my clit, bobbing his head up and down so fast I thought I was going to lose it. The moans that came from his lips vibrated onto his tongue, intensifying the feeling going on in my pussy.

I rocked my hips into his face, one hand grabbing the back of his head, the other clenching the couch beneath me. He sank in three fingers, twisting and turning deep inside my cunt. I looked down at Kevin, watching him suck in my pussy with such intensity it gave me chills. I rolled my head back and rested it on the pillow behind me. There wasn't much more of this torture I could take before I would explode. I could feel the orgasm building deep in me, and I wanted it released. I wanted to cum all over Kevin's face and feel his sweet sweet tongue lap up all my juices.

He made a suction cup around my clit, and massaged with his lips as his tongue flicked and licked between them. 'Don't stop. One more flick, just one more. That's all I'm asking for. No. Begging for! I need it. Just one more flick. Send me over the fucking edge!' I screamed in my head. All Kevin could hear was heavy panting and uneven breathing as I got closer to my orgasm.

It was right then, when I felt his teeth graze ever so gently over my throbbing clit that I felt the floodgates rush open. I screamed out, grabbing his head with both hands, forcing him to suck my pussy. He pulled out his fingers and smoothed them around my pussy lips, stroking up and down. He moaned as he continued his suction action, acting as a buzzer. My breathing became short, and exhausted. I couldn't make out words, I just stuttered between groans.

Clearly, it amused Kevin because he pulled away to chuckle his low and throaty chuckle. "That good, huh?" he inclined. He traced my pussy with one finger.

My body shuddered. "Ughmygod. Yes. Yes, fucking yes!"

He moved his way up to my face and planted a deep kiss on my lips. He slipped in his tongue and I could taste my sweet and salty juices. I licked all around his lips, sucking in his lower lip and biting down on it. He pushed his crotch into my pussy, letting me know what all this has done to him.

"Horny much?" I joked.

"What do you think, baby?" He leaned down and kissed me again. I closed my eyes as I felt him trail his kisses down my neck, and his hand move up my shirt. He was just about to unclasp my bra, when we one car after another pull in from outside. I cringed my eyes, and opened them sympathetically up at Kevin. He just let his head drop, and shook it side to side. He chuckled uncomfortably, and pulled away from me.

Fuck, really? Right now? Just. Fuck.

--= 14=--

Kevin and I were in position to look like nothing happened. He sat up on the couch and I had my head resting in his lap. The TV was turned on and we just sat there watching it. I could feel his hard-on slowly melt away, and I felt so bad. Sure, I was horny as fuck and wanted that thick meat in me, but honestly, I can't even imagine how it must feel to have to suddenly stop. From what I was told, it's very painful.

In through the door came Dan and Jen. They had a couple bags in their arms, must have come from food shopping.

"Hello in there!" called Danny.

"Hey Dan, how was work?"

He walked into the living room and paused. He flickered his eyes over at Kevin, but didn't make much of it. "Same shit, different toilet. How's it goin' man?" He asked Kevin.

"Pretty good. Just came over to see Soph," he said with a smile.

"Yeah we went out for ice cream and talked for hours." I stressed the word "hours" so he could look a little less stiff than he did.

"Oh yeah? That place up in Bar Harbor?"

"Yeah, I love their blueberry ice cream."

"So uhm, you wanna stay for some burgers?" My face lit up. I thought that this would have been seriously awkward, but I tend to forget these aren't boys, they're fully capable, grown up men. Thank God.

We barbecued up some burgers and hot dogs, and sat out in the back enjoying the food and a few drinks. Dan was at the grill finishing up cooking while Jen and Kevin were in lawn chairs eating. I sat between Kevin's legs on the ground, leaning back into his chair. Dan and Kevin were sharing stories of the stupid things they used to do. Me and Jen just looked at each other and shook our heads.

"Can't live with them. Can't live without them," I said.

"Amen," agreed Kevin, planting a kiss on top of my head. I smiled to myself, and blushed slightly.

"Hey, you know what I'm in the mood for?"

"Oh please no," whined Jen.

"Guitar Hero! Yeaaah!"

"Seriously? Where did this even come from?" I asked.

"You're brother has this thing where when he's drunk, he thinks he's the shit at Guitar Hero when we all know, I can kick his ass."

"Pfft! I don't need to be drunk to kick your ass. I do it sober too. In fact, why don't we talk about just last week! In my bedroom..." He was definitely intoxicated, and funny as hell. He had no clue what he was saying at this point.

"Let's play that Guitar Hero!" I laughed nervously. I'd rather not hear about Jen and Dan's encounters.

I grabbed my plate and other garbage, attempting to clean up outside. Kevin followed, helping pick up other things, and bringing it inside. Dan was setting up the game while Jen washed up in the bathroom. That meant that Kevin and I were left alone in the kitchen. I rinsed off some plates and bent down to put them into the dishwasher. I felt Kevin's hands behind me ride its way up from the bottom of my ass, up to my waist.

I tilted my head to the right and Kevin placed a kiss and a nibble on my neck. "Ohh baby, do you have any idea what you do to me?" He ground his crotch into my ass to let me know.

I turned to him, "You better simmer down. We're alone here yes, but just around that corner is my brother."

"All the more reason to take you right here," he said wickedly. He pulled my body up to the counter top and sat me down, kissing me.

I felt his hands roam all around my body. First over my smooth tummy, then around my lower back, running his hands up to the clasp of my bra which he unhooked with ease. He moved his hands towards my perky breasts, which he cupped and held them carefully. He weighed them in his hands, pitting one against the other. He pressed his thumbs under each erect nipple, playing with the base before rolling the perky buds into my breasts.

I cooed a gentle moan as he teased me. He lifted my shirt and let one breast fall, only to be caught by his mouth, which he eagerly sucked in. He clamped down on the rosy bud and flicked his tongue across it twice. I felt him suckle the nipple, making light sucking noises. I tried to muffle him by pressing my breast into his face. That only made him suck more violently, biting down on the tender bud. My body jerked beneath him, jolting my pussy into his cock.

To my surprise, (not really), he was really hard and I could feel the heat through his jeans. I ran my hand up and down his shaft, and my response was faster lapping and quicker circles around my nipples. I slipped my hands under his jeans and boxers and felt his soft and warm cock. I ran my hand down the length, feeling his meaty girth with my attentive fingers. He let out a heavy sigh between licks, and muttered something that I couldn't hear under my shirt.

Then in the heat of all things, I heard Jen come out and talk to Danny in the living room. I grimaced, knowing I was in no position to get caught again. I felt Kevin reluctantly let go of me, and grunt in frustration.

I hopped off the counter top and let Kevin "finish up" in the kitchen and cool down. I walked into the living room only to see Danny already rocking it out on the guitar. There was another one hooked up laying on the floor. Danny saw me look at it and suggested we had a battle.

"Battle of the siblings! C'mon. You know you wanna! Oh wait, there's no way you can win. I'm the mother fuckin' champ!"

I cocked my head to the side. "Wanna put money on that?"

Jen got excited, "Oh this could be interesting! I'll put in $10 for Soph."

"What! I'm the one who pleases you at night, honey. How could you betray me?" exclaimed Danny.

"I don't think that will happen tonight. Just look at you hahah."

"Fine. Kevin you in on the bet? Me versus Soph. Who will win?"
