 Saturday

I woke up at about 7:30 needing to pee. I went to the bathroom, and when I came back, I could see that Jack was sleeping on his back, his legs spread, and his long cock limp and floppy. I quietly crawled from the foot of the bed between his legs and put the tip of his flaccid penis into my mouth and started sucking and licking it. He began to get hard, but his breathing was still shallow and even, so I assumed he was asleep. As his cock got harder in my mouth, I began to bob my head up and down on it, until I felt Jack's hand touch my head. I looked up at him, with his cock still in my mouth and smiled, before letting it slip out so I could say, "Good morning, sweetie," He said nothing, and just smiled and continued to run his fingers through my hair as I returned to sucking his cock. 

Now that he was awake, I started to get more active, using my tongue to flick the head and stroking his dangling balls. Although I had seen Jack hold his orgasm before, I guess that he was so relaxed from sleep that he quickly started to thrash on the bed, and I did a few things with my tongue that made him cum, as he sighed, happily. I swallowed his load and crawled up so that I was lying on top of him, my head resting on his tight chest. He kissed my head and caressed my back, down to my ass, and I fell asleep.

It was about an hour later that I felt Jack move, and I woke up, rolled off of him onto the bunched up sheets, feeling a little sticky. I suggested that we take a shower, and we ran, naked, to the bathroom and started the shower. The hot water felt soothing, and we soaped each other up and teased each other's most sensitive areas. Which not surprisingly made Jack hard again. I stood, facing him, and lifted my right leg up so that my ankle rested on his shoulder, which gave him the angle and access to stick his hard rod into me. He thrust into me in this position, sometimes lifting me off the floor until he came again. I cleaned myself again, and then washed Jack's equipment. We turned off the shower, dried off and went back into his room, wrapped in towels.

As we were getting dressed, I said, "One other thing that Ariel told me about you is that you make great eggs. I'm starving." We went downstairs and Jack made coffee, eggs and bacon that lived up to their reputation. As we ate, Jack told me some of the things he wanted to say in his graduation speech. I was pleased that he was interested in my opinion, and I made a few suggestions that he seemed to like. After a while, Sarah came down the stairs, looked at me and said, "Good morning, Dana, I thought that was your car," I responded, "Yeah, I came by late last night and Jack invited me to stay over. Jack was looking a little uncomfortable, and changed the subject, offering to make Sarah eggs, and then starting to prepare them.

While he cooked, Sarah and I talked about the end of school, and college, since I was going to be going to the same place she was going. She told me that she had met a guy, Steve, who seemed promising. When Jack brought over the eggs, Sarah said, "did Jack tell you that I am having a small pool party and barbecue here tonight—your sister will be here—do you want to come, too? I assume Jack won't mind." 

I saw something flicker across Jack's face, but he responded, "Sure," and Sarah told me the time. 

"Can I ask Fred, and Emily and Gina, too?" Jack asked. 

Great, I thought, just when it looked like Natalie was out of the picture, he wants to have Gina at the party. I doubt that she would wake him up with a blow job. 

While I was in the middle of this train of thought, Sarah said, "Why not, the more's the merrier. Anyway, I expect that you will be doing most of the barbecuing." 

Jack responded, feigning anger, "Oh really? 

"Really," Sarah said. 

Jack bowed and said, humorously, "For you, anything, my dear sister." 

I thought to myself that was the least he could do considering what Sarah had done for him.

I decided that it was time to go home, so Jack and I went upstairs to gather my things. He pulled me close, kissed me and said, "Thanks for coming by. I'm glad you did." 

"Me too," I said, grinding my crotch against Jack. "You are really a great guy." 

"Thanks," he said, "you're not half bad yourself." 

I gently punched his arm and turned to leave. I said goodbye to Sarah, pecked Jack on the cheek and left.

As I drove home, I thought that I had done everything I could to convince Jack that we should be together, except for actually saying that I wanted to change the arrangement that I had set. I still worried that despite the connection that I believed that we had, and the body shaking sex, he was not going to be satisfied with me, since I wasn't a genius like him. But as I thought about it, that seemed dumb. He was the one who told me that I was smart. He was the one asking my advice on his graduation speech. I decided that at Sarah's party—or better yet, when we were in bed after Sarah's party—I would make it happen. I didn't even care anymore about trying to make him ask me. I was happy with him, I was comfortable with him, and what he did to me in bed was incredible. I knew that we were going to college in the fall, but we could have an amazing summer together.

When I got home, I was surprised to see Nigel sleeping on the couch. I tiptoed past him, then went upstairs and dropped my stuff in my room. I went to Ariel's and looked in on her, and she was awake. 

"O.K.," I said, "what's the deal with Nigel sleeping on the couch?" 

She whispered, "We decided to go out to the movies, and I invited him back. We watched a movie, had a few drinks and made out on the couch. He was being so sweet and funny, that I suggested we go upstairs, and he refused. He said that it was too soon, and that he thought it would be better if we took it slow and waited. I'm not sure if he is being sincere, or if it is part of his game, but I didn't fight him. He asked to sleep on the couch, since he had been drinking, and I said yes, kind of hoping that he would surprise me and come upstairs, but he didn't." 

"Wow," I said, "that's refreshing." 

"Yeah," she responded, "but I was kind of looking forward to screwing him." 

"Are you still bringing him to Sarah's party?" 

"Yes," she responded, "maybe the third time will be the charm." She paused. "Speaking of Sarah, were you at Jack's?" 

"Yeah, I heard that his date with Natalie didn't go well, so I went over to console him." 

"How'd that go?" Ariel asked. "Great, I think. I am so happy with him," I replied. 

"So what are you going to do about it?" she asked, "are you ready to stop playing games and do what you need to do?" 

"I am," I responded. "Sarah invited me to the party and I decided in the car that I'm going to make sure that I stay overnight again, and I'm going to tell Jack that I want to change our arrangement. I have to believe that he will agree." 

"Good," she said. "It would be terrible if the two of you missed out on something amazing because of dumb stuff."

I left Ariel's room, and returned to mine. I went on to Facebook, and saw a bunch of messages from my friends. They wanted to know what was going on with me and Jack, and to report that Jessica and Chloe went home with two of the guys from the bar and that they had fun. I told them that Jack wouldn't tell me what happened with Natalie, but that we had a good time, and that I was going to try to take our relationship to the next level. Lisa teased me about "hot valedictorian sex," and I responded that he had clearly done his homework. I checked my email, and there was one from Jack, saying, "thanks again for coming over. I miss you already. See you tonight." 

I responded, "It was really my pleasure. See you tonight."

I went downstairs, and saw that Ariel had awakened Nigel and was making coffee. We sat and talked for a while, and it was clear that Nigel was funny and cute, and really liked Ariel. I had to assume that he would succumb to her charms after the party. If not, then it was his loss, because I could tell that Ariel was losing patience. After Nigel left, Ariel and I went to the gym and, as usual, she worked out twice as long as I did. We came home and I showered and decided to take a nap before the party. 

When I woke up, I checked my email again, and Facebook, but nothing interesting was going on. I tried on a couple of bikinis and chose a very tiny, striped one that I thought was particularly sexy, and put on a coverup and sandals. I packed my overnight bag and grabbed a beach towel and went downstairs. Ariel was watching television, wearing a tank top suit that enhanced her arms and shoulders and was very flattering. Nigel didn't know what he was in for. I sat down and we watched TV together. 

"Ready for Nigel?" I asked. 

"Ready for Jack?" she responded, and we laughed. 

When it was time to go, we got in the car, picked up Nigel and drove to the Davises, listening to the radio. 

We opened the door. Jack was working on getting the food together, and he came over to us. Ariel introduced him to Nigel, and they exchanged pleasantries. Jack gave Ariel a kiss on the cheek before kissing me on the lips. 

"You look great," he said to me. I thought, wait until you see the bikini, and he continued, "grab a drink, go to the pool—I have to do some more prep work for the food." 

I took my bag up to Jack's room, and saw that he had changed the sheets on his bed. I looked around his room, and could see nothing that indicated that he was seeing anyone else. Happy, I went back downstairs, poured myself a beer and went out to the pool and laid my towel out on a chair. I took off my shirt, and jumped into the water. My bikini wasn't really made for swimming, but the cool water felt good, and I swam a little before coming out of the pool and toweling off. I sat down on the lounge chair and watched as more people started to arrive. Jack was still fooling with the food, and I could see that he was sweating through his t-shirt.

Emily and Fred came out to the pool, and we chatted a little before they went off to find chairs. A couple of Sarah's college friends came over to flirt with me a little, and I played along, without giving them much hope, and anyway, they turned to be jerks. I saw that Sarah was being followed around by a tall, good looking blonde guy who I guessed was the guy she mentioned that morning. It was all very comfortable and relaxed, and I sat there, idly talking to people and enjoying the warm night. 

I looked over to Jack, and he was cooking in front of the barbecue, and I could tell that he was feeling the heat. I got up and poured a cold beer into a red plastic cup and snuck up on him. I pressed the cold beer against the back of his neck, and he turned around and looked at me. He seemed transfixed by the sight of me in the bikini, so I guess I had chosen well. I handed him the beer and he chugged down about half of it. 

Before he could say anything, I said, "I don't see Gina anywhere. I think I know a guy who would be good for her. He graduated from South last year, and goes to Dartmouth. Nice looking and a nice guy, but a little edgy. I was hoping to talk to her about him." 

"She really hates you," he replied. "When I told her you were coming, she told me she was busy." 

"That's too bad," I said. 

Then, Jack asked, "So, who were those guys you were talking to?" 

"Jealous?" I asked, happy that it seemed like he was. 

"No," he said, but I thought he was lying. 

"Friends of friends of your sister. Why do I always attract assholes?" I said, "present company excepted, of course," I continued, laughing. "One guy, Jimmy, introduced himself and immediately asked me to go upstairs with him, figuring that I'd be dazzled by the fact that he was a college hockey player. The other guy, Nate, spent the whole time telling me how great he was in bed. Seriously, dude, show some discretion. I got up and came over here to see you." I took a hot dog, and began to eat it very slowly, for effect. Then, I asked, "how are you doing?" 

"Great," he said, sincerely. "This is nice and laid back. And I like helping out Sarah." 

"Cool," I responded, "see you later?" 

"Sure," he said, "I'm not going anywhere." 

I shot him a look and walked away, giving him a little extra butt shake as I left.

I grabbed my t-shirt and put it on over my bikini and went inside. Other than Jack, who I didn't see, and Emily and Fred, who were probably somewhere making out, I didn't know too many people. I walked around the downstairs of their pretty large house, and saw Ariel and Nigel sitting on the stairs talking. They invited me to join them, and we sat there, passing time. I was liking this Nigel guy more and more, and I could tell that Ariel was definitely into him by her body language. 

All of a sudden, I saw Jack and Fred storm up the stairs. We made way for them, and I brushed my hand against Jack's leg as he went by. I wondered what was going on. Maybe Fred and Emily were having a fight. Or maybe there was some geeky thing that they needed to do. It didn't matter to me, because I knew that I'd be up there at the end of the night. 

About 10 minutes later, Jack went running down the stairs, nearly tripping over Nigel, as we hurried out of the way, and I saw him run out of the house. Now I was worried. Was someone hurt? One of our parents? Fred came down the stairs slowly. I met him at the bottom of the stairs. 

"What's going on?" I asked. "Why did Jack run out of here?" 

He took my arm and led me to a quiet area. "Um, you're not going to want to hear this, I think," he said awkwardly. 

"What? Tell me," I demanded. 

He paused before saying, "I told him that---" 

I interrupted. "Gina, right? She likes him, right?" 

Fred looked at the floor. "yeah," he said. "she always has, but was afraid to say anything." 

"And you fucking told him, right?" I snapped, angrily. He looked a little afraid. 

"Um, yeah. I was sick of hearing her complain, so, yeah, I told him," he said, gaining confidence as he spoke. 

"And he is going to tell her that he feels the same way?" I said, resigned. 

"Yeah, I think so," he said, "I'm sorry Dana. I know he really likes you, but..." his voice trailed off. He was in his first ever relationship with a girl, and he must have felt a little weird trying to explain this to me. "Sorry," he said again and left. 

I stood there for a minute, thinking. Thinking of what an idiot I was for waiting. For setting up our "friends with benefits" arrangement. For not figuring out a way to get Gina out of the picture. I felt tears dripping from my eyes, as I thought of the fact that the nicest guy and best lover I had ever had was about to tell a little nerdy girl that he liked her better than me. I wiped my eyes, glad that I hadn't worn any mascara that would have run. But I didn't want anyone to see me. I texted Ariel to come to the room that I was in, and she found me. She was with Sarah. 

"We heard from Fred," Sarah said as Ariel put her arm around me. 

"This sucks," I said. I was now getting angry. "Who the fuck does he think I am? Just some girl that he can fuck and dump. Me?" 

Ariel said, in a calm voice. "Calm down, Dana. It does suck, but you can't blame Jack. You have told me a million times how good he has been to you and for you. But you've been saying forever that you expected him to find someone else. You told him that Gina would be better for him. You were the one who insisted on this open relationship thing." 

"Yeah," I said sadly, "but I was going to end that tonight." 

"Then," Ariel said, "I think you have no choice but to wait and see if this thing with Gina works, and if so, then it works. And if not, then maybe you get a second chance."

I sat down on a chair and looked at Ariel and Sarah. "I guess you're right. I'm an idiot, and it's all my fault." I started to cry again. 

Sarah said, "it's not your fault, Dana, this shit just happens. I know my brother is a great guy, and I'm glad that you recognize that. And maybe you will get together again. It could be soon, or later, or never. But you need to move on. You know you are beautiful, and you know you are fun, and I think you know that you are smart. There are a million guys out there, and there has to be one for you." 

I smiled, a little, and said, "Thanks." 

Ariel jumped in. "I know you don't want to hear this now, but all of us have gone through shit like this, it hurts now, but you get over it." 

"I know. Ariel, can you take me home now?" 

"Of course," she said. 

"Can you get my bag from Jack's room? I can't go there now." 

"Sure," Sarah said. "I'll get it."

They got my bag, and we slipped out. I got home, went to the bathroom, splashed water on my face, got into pajamas and went to bed. I alternated between anger and sadness, and finally sobbed myself to sleep.

Sunday

I woke up a few times during the night, but finally got out of bed at about 10. I saw my packed bag in my room, and got sad again, but fought through it. I was Dana Angelo. I was pretty and smart; I had good friends and a great mother and sister. I was graduating from high school in a couple of days, and would be going to State in the fall on a cheerleading scholarship, and I expected that by senior year, I'd be running that place like I ran North. I had fun with Jack, but now it was time to move on. I tried to convince myself of these things, and was making progress.

I went downstairs, and Nigel and Ariel were drinking coffee. 

"How are you?" Ariel asked. 

"I think I'm O.K., thanks. How are you?" I asked, looking at Nigel. 

"I'm very good," she said, smiling, and I could tell that Nigel didn't sleep on the couch last night. 

"Good," I said. 

Then Nigel said, in his great accent, "I know you don't know me or give a shit about what I think, but Ariel told me what happened. I think that if you really like that Jack, then let him have his time with the other girl. You look like someone hard to reject." 

I smiled at him, and said, "Thanks." 

He continued, "And if it doesn't work out, there really are other nice blokes out there, if you take the time to find them." 

"Thanks, Nigel. I think you're right. But it doesn't make it easy." 

"True," he said, taking a sip of coffee.

Ariel convinced us to take a run, and we changed and went out. Nigel was in pretty good shape, and we ran together while Ariel went ahead. It was a good idea, and I felt better afterwards. We came home, had some breakfast, and I went off to shower. I got dressed and heard my phone go off. It was a text from Jack, asking to meet me at the coffee shop in a half hour. I thought about ignoring him, or telling him to fuck off, but I agreed to meet him. I changed into a simple t-shirt and jeans, and found a pair of sunglasses. I wanted to look good, but not make it look like I was trying to interfere. The sunglasses were in case I felt teary, I could try to cover it up. 

I drove to the coffee shop, parked and walked in. As I suspected, Jack was already there, drinking his coffee and looking cute, and a little sheepish. I ordered an iced coffee, put in some syrup and milk and went to Jack's table. I gave him a friendly kiss on the cheek and sat down across from him, took off my sunglasses, and put them on the table. I could see him watching as I took a sip of the coffee, and before he could speak, I took control. "I know about you and Gina, and I'm happy for you," I said. 

"Thanks," he responded. 

I replied, "I called it, didn't I?" 

"You did," he admitted. "You knew me better than I knew myself." 

I replied, "Some people are good at physics, others are good at observing people." 

"I guess so," he said. 

I looked at him, and tried to hold it together because I didn't want him see me act weak. I said, "I still want us to be friends, but I understand that you will be spending most of your time with Gina, and I am not going to get in your way. She does seem right for you." 
