 My name is David; I'm 45, 6'1, 180 pounds with an athletic build. My marriage of 22 years and 2 kids just ended after a nasty divorce where I was lucky to save my business and a good share of my wealth. My kids are both in college so I no longer had a need to stay where I was. I'm able to run my business from home so I decided it was time to pick up roots and move to new a city and get a fresh start. 

After looking at several homes in an interesting community I finally found the one I had to have. The one I picked over all the others was because of the next-door neighbor Dana. She was out working in her flowerbed the day the realtor was showing me the house. She was absolutely stunning, and looked to be in her early 30's with brunette hair, blue eyes, great body and nice firm tits. This was obvious from the bikini top she was wearing along with nice tight shorts that showed off her ass. She waved and said, hi to us as we were walking around the property. I couldn't keep my eyes off her as the salesman kept blabbering on and on about the house. 

I tell you, I would have paid any amount the owner wanted to be able to live next to this fine babe.               I thought I was moving next door to a hot single MILF. I discovered she was married to a real dick. I mean I liked the guy; we played golf and went to sporting events together. But he was ignoring his beautiful wife so I was doing my best to take advantage of that.

Along with becoming good friends with Dana's husband, Brent, I also became very good friends with her. I found Dana to be very outgoing and friendly as well as very flirtatious when she had a few drinks in her. She had also let it slip that she was getting very frustrated with Brent for never being at home with her and the kids.

Although I had a major hardon for Dana, I by no means wanted to break-up her marriage. Worse yet to be a stepfather to her kids. I'd already raised my kids and didn't want to do that again but man did I want to fuck her any way possible! I decided I would take it nice and slow and gain both their confidence, especially hers and just see where it would lead. Dana loved to sunbath and was always bitching to Brent about how she wanted a pool in their backyard, just like mine. When I heard about this I told her she was welcome to come use my pool anytime she wanted. At first she was hesitant about accepting my offer but soon realized with my job, I was gone a lot during the day. Thinking she would be alone to do as she pleased, she started using my pool a lot.

One day I had come home around noon and saw Dana out by the pool, reading a book while sunbathing in a skimpy bikini. I quickly changed out of my business slacks and tie and into a comfortable golf shirt and shorts. I mixed up 2 glasses of Margaritas, Dana's favorite drink, and went out to the pool. Naturally, my arrival startled her away from her book as she thought she was alone. 

"Relax, don't worry, it's just me," I said with a big smile. 

I could tell Dana felt uneasy because of the skimpy bikini she was wearing. She was reaching for her towel to cover-up when I handed her a drink, telling her again to relax, it was just me. 

"I'm sorry David. I didn't think you would be home today," she said as she took the glass.                     ' "Why should you be sorry? I told you to come over anytime you wanted," I said reassuringly. "I finished early with my appointments and decided to come home instead of going to the golf course. I also wanted to celebrate with a drink, the big contract I signed today. I saw you out here and hoped you would join me in." 

"Congratulations, David, I'll be happy to celebrate with you. To be honest, I was just about to get up and go home to get a drink for myself. All this sunbathing can make a girl thirsty," she said flirtingly. 

"Well drink up, I just replenished the Margarita machine so there's more where that came from." I said, looking at her hot body which I was dying to get a hold of.

After two more glasses, the tequila was beginning to loosen Dana up as she grew more flirtatious. 

"Don't you think my tan is coming in nicely?" she asked, running her hands down her body. 

She did look gorgeous as her body had a very nice brown color but not too much where she looked like dried-up leather. 

I told her she looked incredible and I was glad her cheap husband didn't get her a pool of her own. 

"At least this way I'm getting the pleasure of watching you instead of him." 

Dana raised her eyebrows and got a big smile as she liked what I told her. 

"I wish Brent felt the same way you do," she said.

"His lose is my gain is all I can say, Dana. Believe me I wouldn't be so blind if I was in his shoes. You look like you could use another coat of suntan lotion. Do you have anymore? I asked. 

Either she was naïve to what my intentions were or the drinks had dulled her thinking but Dana handed me her bottle of lotion. 

Taking the bottle I asked where she wanted me to start. 

"How about you do my back?" she suggested as she flipped over onto her stomach. 

I couldn't believe my luck. I was finally going to touch this beautiful creature. I squirted a glob of lotion into my hand and started rubbing it on her upper back. I was taking my time on her shoulders giving her a nice massage which she was enjoying.

"Oh David, your hands feel so good."

I could feel her shoulders as well as her entire body begin to relax. I started to work my way down the middle of her back. Her bikini top was held-on by strings that tied across her neck as well as her back. I decided to test her to see just how far she would let me go. 

"Dana, do you mind if I untie just the bottom of your top, it seems to be in the way," I asked.

"Uhmm, no I guess that will be ok," she answered.

I soon had it untied with another handful of lotion to rub on her. I started with wide circular strokes down her back occasionally rubbing my hands up her sides. Each time I did this I was sure to run them along the sides of her breasts. She didn't seem to notice or mind which only encouraged me to go further with my massage. 

I filled my hand again with lotion and started at the top of her right leg working all the way down to her toes. I personally made sure every toe got its share of attention. 

"Mmmm, David that feels so good. I wished Brent would do this for me." 

Not trusting my voice, I just chuckled and continued with my seduction. I worked my way back up her leg stopping only at the last point where her ass wasn't covered by her bikini bottom. Repeating the same on her left leg again only stopping at her uncovered ass cheek. I put a new glob of lotion in my hands and started with her upper inner thigh, softly grazing her pussy as I worked my way back and forth from there to the top of her ass. Occasionally I would even slip a finger or two under her bikini bottom.

By now I had a raging hard on dying to be released. It would be obvious to her if she was to turn around and look at me and I wasn't sure how she would reach but I had to take that chance… it was now or never. 

"How about your front Dana, would you like me to rub some there as well?" 

Dana said, "Sure if you don't mind" as she rolled over, not even worrying or did she remember that her top was untied. She quickly remembered though as it briefly came off revealing her nipples but she didn't mind as she lay back down. 

I knew she had to have seen the tent I had in my shorts but she didn't say anything. Closing her eyes and placing her arms loosely to her side Dana said, "Okay you can continue now!"

Again, I globed a load of lotion in my hands and started rubbing it onto her stomach. Using circular motions like I did on her back I increasingly made my loops bigger and bigger. Eventually my fingertips were touching the base of her breasts. All though Dana didn't say anything I could tell I was getting to her as her breathing and heartbeat noticeably began to increase. On the next sweep across her stomach I went further up and underneath her top. My fingers immediately felt the tips of Dana's very hard, erect nipples. 

With her hands still by her sides Dana opened her eyes and coolly asked me what I was doing. 

I continued fondling her nipples as I replied, "Sorry would you like me to stop?"

Dana surprised me first by not immediately grabbing my hands to push them away. Secondly, in that she said, "No, I'm just asking what you are doing."

I wanted to tell her how badly I wanted to do this the first time I saw her but I was afraid that would freak her out. 

"So," I said, "I guess my hands have a mind of their own. I hope you don't mind." 

Dana looked at my crotch with a wicked look and said, "Is that his excuse too?"

With my hands still firmly on her breasts I looked down and back at her and said, "I guess so. It's hard not to get excited while touching such a beautiful woman like yourself."

"You're so sweet David; I tell you're not so bad yourself."

With that Dana reached out with her hand and grabbed the pole that was making a tent in my shorts. 

"Oh my and what do you have there David?" as she grabbed my cock even firmer.

I thought I was going to explode when she told me it was her turn now. She sat up causing my hands to release her breasts as she told me to stand up. 

I tell you my legs were weak from excite but I managed to stand up which caused even more of a strain on my raging hard on. 

Dana told me to take off my shirt as she was working on undoing my shorts. Just as I had pulled my shirt over my head and off, Dana had my shorts and boxers down to my knees. My hard 8" sprang out and in front of her face. 

"Oh my David you're much bigger than Brent." 

In a way it made me feel bad, what I was now doing with another man's wife but those thoughts quickly went away as her mouth encircled the head of my cock. 

"Fuck him," I thought for not taking better care of his wife otherwise she wouldn't be here right now. With that thought, I grabbed Dana's head with both hands and forced my cock deeper down her throat. At first she gagged and tried to pull back but she soon got the idea I wanted to fuck her mouth hard and deep. When I thought she couldn't take anymore cock I would pull her up just enough so she could catch her breath. Then I would force her back down until all my cock was in her mouth. This horny slut was good as she no longer needed me to hold her down as she was doing a good job of fucking her mouth with my cock. WOW... what a sudden change of character in David! I was trying my hardest to hold out as long as I could but it was becoming too difficult to hold it any long. I screamed at her that I was about to cum. To my distress Dana stopped what she was doing and quickly jerked off her top exposing her breasts. She then grabbed my cock with her hand and started stroking me hard, telling me to shoot on her breasts. 

It didn't take much more encouragement as I shot ribbon after ribbon of hot cum all over her luscious chest. She let go of my still dripping cock and started rubbing my cum into her skin. If it wasn't enough to blow me, the horny bitch started moaning louder and louder as she too climaxed Pushing Dana back onto the lounge chair I ripped her bikini bottom off, burying my face in her hot, wet crotch. My tongue quickly found her clit, running across it vigorously, driving her even crazier. 

"Oh yes, yes. Eat my pussy baby. Make me cum!" 

Dana was screaming at me as she held my head down in her crotch. 

I quickly stuffed two fingers deep into her wet cunt, searching for her G-spot. 

Finding it, Dana started thrashing around underneath me as I caused her to have another strong climax. Now with three fingers inside her and my tongue dancing across her clit, Dana was absolutely going crazy. It was becoming difficult just to keep her down. I was soon rewarded with the most awesome of surprises as Dana finally let go of her orgasm. I had only seen this happen in porno but now it was really happening for me. Dana was squirting her love juices all over my fingers and my face. It really had no taste which was good I guess but man was it hot, seeing her cum like that.

With my cock rock hard, I pulled Dana's legs further apart as I began to mount her. Dana was still reeling from her orgasm and wasn't even aware of what I was about to do to her. I ran my cock across her wet pussy to get my cock lubricated and bam I slammed it into her. This quickly brought her back to reality as my cock went half way in with the first plunge. I pulled back, slammed it home again, this time going nearly all the way in. I pulled back and looked into her dazed eyes as I slammed it home again this time going all the way in. 

Damn I never imagined Dana's pussy would feel as good as it did around my cock. She was so fucking tight and she was squeezing my cock with her pussy muscles which felt incredible. I started banging her harder and harder, making her firm titties bounce around in tight circles. Before long, the excitement was to much for me and I shot another load deep inside her pussy. This caused her to convulse under me with her own orgasm as well. 

After we had both began to regain our composure I leaned down to kiss her. Our tongues quickly intertwined with the other ending in an incredible kiss. 

"I dreamed of doing this with you but never dreamed it would have been this good." 

Dana looked at me with her beautiful eyes and said, "Thank you. Oh my God what time is it?" Looking at my watch, I answered, "Nearly 3 o'clock."

"Shit I have to pick the kid's up from school."

She quickly pushed me off her, grabbed her clothes as ran to her house.

I laid back on the lounge chair I had just fucked her on, feeling absolutely incredible. I had just fucked the woman of my dreams and I couldn't wait to do it again.