 You know your girl well: always up for an adventure, always interested in trying new things, the more active and challenging, the better... you've often said it - the sexiest thing you've ever laid eyes on. Maybe it shouldn't have surprised you when I told you that I was taking pole dancing lessons. Or maybe you weren't surprised that I was doing it, but more surprised at your luck! Who would believe this? And so the long tease began. You have fantasized about me stripping since long before I ever took a single class. From the moment I told you I signed up for private lessons you've had a hard on just thinking of ways you might enjoy my new hobby. 

Now as you sit in the lounge at the dance school, your senses are over stimulated in this sexy new world. Lights are low every where, setting a mood immediately. All the girls are hot and scantily dressed, even the receptionist, a pretty Asian girl who goes by the name Plum. You sit on a low slung, modern black leather couch across from the large observation window of the main studio. It looks like one would imagine any dance studio would, except for the two neat rows of shiny chrome poles, plus one perched on a stage in front. 

Mirrors line the walls of the studio, reflecting the beautiful sexy bodies now filing out of the class that has just finished. Black sheer curtains hang in the doorway at the opposite end of the studio, giving a hint of mystery and causing you to wonder what lies beyond. We've talked about you coming to the studio to watch my class but had not specifically discussed today. You wanted to surprise me and didn't want me to be preoccupied by your presence. So you waited at the cafe next door until you received the note I always send before I shut off my phone, "ok sweetheart, your pussycat's about to go wag her tail. I'll call you after I finish dance class. Kisses!" Figuring I was in back changing, you made yourself comfortable in the lounge area at the front of the studio and waited eagerly.

Just then you spot Susie, the teacher I've told you about. Mmmmmm, she is a hot little vixen. You drink up the picture of her as she bends over to turn on the music, unaware she is being watched, yet certainly used to it. A petite, incredibly toned girl, she has the lithe body of someone who has danced her entire life. Loose ringlets of dark hair cascade down her back, her long lean legs looking like a snack offered up on a stiletto platter, and her ass... who ever thought anything could look so perfect, so beautiful... My god, we haven't even gotten started yet!

The music starts to thump, Susie's hips start to sway instinctively. She glances at the clock, and at that moment you see me walk out from behind the sheer black drapes at the back of the studio. Your heart skips and your cock gets even harder at the sight you are taking in. You've seen me dress sexy to go out, you've certainly seen me dressed sexy to stay in... But you've never seen me dressed to strip. 

Your eyes try desperately to soak up the entire picture, but where to start? Your heart pounds and your head spins. You know you're looking at me, but it's all so different. Yes, I look dressed as if I've gone to a dance class, but it's just turning you on like nothing you've ever felt. The skimpy cut off top clings precariously to my large firm breasts. You strain to see if you can catch a glimpse of those firm fleshy globes peeking out from underneath, but you will have to wait for that. The short top exposes my narrow waist and deliciously defined abs. You hear a little voice growl inside you as your eyes follow the curving trail from my waist down to the flare of my hips and the roundness of my ass. You love my toned legs, and they look like they go on forever balanced on top of the unmistakable stripper shoes. Six inches of clear Lucite strapped around my ankles... maybe that's why everything else looks so damn hot. Maybe it's the music thumping, the dim lights... Hell, who knows! All you know is that you are watching your girl, barely dressed, standing next to a pole, about to dance... And you feel like you could cum right now...

Susie begins to walk through the first sequence, and you watch me as I observe her. Then I follow, doing the same prance around the pole, hips swaying, toes pointed, back arched, chest out... She continues, marking off different sequences, I follow each time, until finally we start to put them together and practice them over and over. You hear her critiques, "Look at the pole, ok, now look out." You watch me respond, adapting in little measures each time, until a dance emerges and you can not believe what you are seeing. 

You're sure I must have realized by now you're there, but maybe not... Susie says something about running through it all together one last time. I do the slow walk around the pole, one hand holding on as I lean out to the side, my tight abs pronounced by the movement, my breasts displayed beautifully. Then you watch in amazement as I toss my head around and do a movement up and down the pole, my long chestnut hair flying. Another prance around the pole, my breasts heaving as I breathe deeply, then I stop, ass to you and bend forward, hands wrapped around the pole, legs straight, back flat -- giving you a full view of my ass, as my legs bend slightly then straighten, slowly, one then the other, back and forth... and you imagine my pussy, hot and wet, rubbing together between my thighs. You wonder how you are going to restrain yourself much longer...

I arch my back as I stand back up, another prance around the pole and then the move you've been waiting for... Hands behind me, on the pole, I lean backwards into a complete arch and slide all the way down the pole till I've dropped all the way backwards. Breasts showing from under the skimpy t shirt, ass tight and exposed as the little shorts crawl up, belly flat as a board... I pause in the impossible arch for a moment, then slowly come back up to saunter around the pole again. I pause while facing you unknowingly and take a step into the pole, breasts and legs straddling it while I drop down and toss my head back, hair swaying while my hips slide ever so slightly up and down, giving the look as if I'm rubbing my pussy on that pole. You can tell I'm breathing heavy, you know I must be turned on. You know me well enough to know I must be soaked right now! I slide back up it provocatively and you see Susie approach me. You can't hear what's being said, but you realize it's the conclusion of the class. Susie speaks briefly with me, standing very close. You see me smile and nod, obviously breathing hard following the hour long class. You watch as we hug, a sight that would stir you on any regular day but in this setting is almost too much! Susie exits and I walk to the back of the studio and disappear behind the sheer black curtain. 

Seeing you opportunity you follow after me without even thinking how you might do this, but you're not really up for thinking at the moment. You peek behind the sheer black curtain and can't see much in the dim light. There's an exit and a couple of doors. You tap on the first door and hear my voice, "Just a moment." You reply quietly, "Pussycat, it's me."

I open the door and you charge into the changing room, your eyes riveted on me. The image of me dancing is burning in your mind as you step to me, press me against the wall and kiss me deeply. You feel the heat from my body still panting, glistening with sweat from the long workout. Your hands rove the length of me, feeling the curve of my hips narrow as they meet my waist, up the long firm side of my abdomen where your hands meet the weighty roundness of my breasts protruding. Your thumbs brush over my nipples, feeling the hard tip roll under your touch, eliciting a breathy gasp from me. 

My hands pull at your back, drawing you closer to me, sliding all the way down to your waist. I pull your shirt from your pants, tugging it up over your broad shoulders till I fling it to the side. You press your hands on my belly firmly, I know you love feeling the tiny proportion of it compared my large breasts, and firmly you slide your hands upwards, under the skimpy cut off t shirt to find my breasts. You do not even wait to tear it off me, your mouth is on me, devouring my breasts, sucking and biting at my nipples, moaning, breathing heavy, overcome by your need to be inside me. You yank my shorts and they fall clear down to the high heeled stripper shoes I still wear. I am tugging at your pants and you drop them in a second, springing your cock to freedom. I moan out loud at the sight, you are harder and bigger than I have ever seen you! "Oh my god...." I say as you pin me back to the wall and in one deep thrust, you enter me, feeling the warmth and wetness of my pussy wrap right around the length of your cock. "Uhhh! Oh god, oh my god yes!! Fuck me like that!!" I whisper the breathy command in your ear, my mouth up and down your neck, your ear, biting you sucking you, kissing you...

You thrust into me deeply, your mind racing through the visual snapshots of me dancing around the pole, sliding up and down, my breasts and legs wrapped around it... You must have me, you must possess this body, you must make it your own in a way only you can. You pull out of me, spin me around and bend me over, plunging your rock hard cock right back into the depths of my pussy, causing me to cry out in ecstasy. This is what you have wanted, to be inside me, stretching me wide with your raging hard on, pounding deeply inside me so I feel every inch of your desire. You see my tits bouncing from the force of your thrusts and reach forward to tug at the hard round nipple, eliciting more moans from me. You can feel an orgasm boiling up from deep inside of you, you can feel my pussy tight around you and you must decide whether to bring me over the edge or make me wait... You decide to make me cum, but not with out a little payment first. You reach your hand back to my ass and level a firm slap square in the center leaving a little redness to mark your spot. The sight of that -- and sound of my unsuspecting yelp -- spurs you on. You slap again, and again, this time faster, taking in the sight of my ass bouncing under the weight of your hand. "Irresistible," you think to yourself, "that ass is irresistible..." and you are momentarily mesmerized as you watch your cock, long and hard, sliding in and out of my pussy, covered in my wetness, ass bouncing, engulfing you, enticing you, teasing you. 

You slap one more time, hard and then run your thumb over that tight little hole, delving in roughly, downward into the slippery tight wetness. I strain back against you, "Yes! Tease my ass like that!!" I call out, nearly senseless. I reach up, grabbing my breasts and pinch the nipples hard. I can not last much longer and moan loudly, "That's it, fuck me like that! You're going to make me cum!" I moan and whimper, begging you to release me... And with that last little encouragement, you let loose on me, pounding my pussy, stretching my ass with your thumb and then a slap across the ass again sending me over the edge. Waves of orgasm spread across my body, electricity pulsing from my ass to my breasts back down to my pussy, throbbing, tingling, floating weightless and then back down. I shout a deep breathy moan, whimpering and bucking, writhing around you until you must let go just at the sight of me... You slam deeply, even more so if possible, grabbing my hips and pulling me back forcefully into you as you let go load after load, moaning loudly as you fill the depths of my pussy, your entire body shaking as you are overcome by primal sensations, physical and visual. Your mind is a swirl of sensory overload, thoughts of the sexy pole dancing, the incredible fucking, the sensations, the sounds, the smells... Your heart and mind are still racing as we collapse on the bench next to us, leaning back against the wall. I remind you with a sly smile, "I haven't even stripped for you, yet!"