 I was going to college studying dance and music and worked nights at a dance studio. We would teach ballroom dancing to mostly older couples. Some of our students were old single men. They were taking classes because it allowed them to get close to young girls like myself. It was all very harmless as the men were very nice. My favorite client was a 70 year old man named Charles. He was six feet tall and had lovely blue eyes and a lovely smile. For his age he moved very well and was always very nice to me. Sometimes he would slip me a twenty dollar bill after our lesson as a tip. 

One night after a lesson with Charles I could not get my car to start. Charles called a tow truck for me and paid for it to take my car to repair shop. I told him that I did not have to money to get the car repaired and he said that he would take care of everything. I asked what I could do to repay him and he said that we should go to dinner and dancing. I accepted since the idea of a free meal at a nice place sounded great. He dropped me off at my apartment and agreed to go out Friday night.

My car was repaired that week and I found out that it cost more than two thousand dollars. I was very thankful for Charles taking care of me. Even with our 50 year age difference his kind way and manors made him attractive to me. So many guys my age act like jerks and just want to fuck a girl and move on. 

For our date I put on a light blue and yellow wraparound dress. It was low cut in the back. So low that it just stopped above my ass. I put on a white thong and could not wear a bra since the dress exposed all of my back. My long light brown hair was put up in a bun and I put on some nice blue heels. 

When I opened to door for Charles his eyes almost popped out of his head. Oh my you are the most lovely woman I have every seen, he said making me blush. We drove to the most expensive place in town for dinner. 

We made small talk at first and then I started to find out more about him. His kids were all grown and lived across the county. His wife had died from cancer four years ago and he mostly sat at home working in his garden. Then he decided he needed to stop being depressed and get out and about. That is when he started taking dance lessons. He enjoys learning new dance steps and the physical activity. Looking like a shy little boy he admitted that dancing with lovely young girls was also enjoyable. 

After dinner we went to a very expensive hotel that had a ballroom where a big band played. Everyone in the place was Charles age and I could tell that every eye in the place was on us. We danced all night and only stopped a few times for a glass of wine. It was so much fun that I was surprised when the place started to close because it was 2:00 a.m.

Walking in the parking lot it had gotten cold outside. Charles asked if I wanted to put on his sports coat since he could see that I was cold. I looked down as he helped me put the coat on me and I saw how he could tell that I was so cold. Since I was not wearing a bra my nipples were pointing out. My breast are 36B and my nipples point out over an inch when hard. Oh my, I gasp as I covered my breast with my hands. Charles looked down at his feet and said he was sorry that he looked at my chest. His reaction of shame made me feel bad at how I acted. Here is this lonely old man that was being so nice to me and I made him feel like a pervert. Oh don’t feel bad Charles, I said giving him a hug. It is my fault for not wearing a bra or bringing a jacket. 

Charles walked me to my apartment door and thanked me for a wonderful evening. I told him that I had a great time and would like to do it again sometime. He took my hand and said it was the best time he had in years. He leaned over and kissed my hand softly and smiled. His gesture seemed so real that I felt compelled to kiss him. My hands grabbed his hips as I pressed my body against his and I gave him a very long soft kiss. 

As the kiss ended we stopped for a moment and looked into each others eyes and then started kissing again. This time he moved his mouth to the side and started kissing me softly across my cheek and down to my neck. It has been months since I had kissed a man and having him move to my neck made my legs feel weak. I wanted to take him inside and let him do what he wished with me. Lets go inside, I whispered. 

Holding his hand I let him to my bedroom. I let go at the doorway and walked across the dark room and turned on the lamp on my nightstand. It provided a soft light in the room. Standing at the edge of my bed I slowly pulled my dress off. Standing before him wearing my thong and a smile. Oh you are the most lovely woman I have ever seen, he said. 

I moved to the edge of the bed and removed my heels and then turned around and slowly removed my thong arching my ass to him. When I raised up he was behind me. He started kissing the back of my neck and he placed his hands on my hips. I moaned as his hands moved upward and cupped my breast. His kissing moved down my back to my lower back just above my ass.

Chills ran down my back as I became excited from his touch. His hands moved from my breast and caressed my sides down to my ass. Gently grabbing my cheeks as he kissed all over my ass. My legs felt like rubber and I wanted to do what ever he wanted.

Get on your back honey, he said. Turning around I sat on the end of the bed and leaned back. Spreading my legs wide put his face before my hair covered pussy. His fingers gently rubbed my lips as he kissed the inside of my legs. Working slowly to my now very wet pussy. When his finger brushed my clit my entire body shook with a shiver. I wanted him to start licking and sucking on my pussy so bad I almost begged him to start. 

You ready to get your sweet little pussy licked, he asked. Oh yes Charles, I gasp. Spread your lips apart for me, he said. Doing as he said my hands spread my lips apart displaying my clit and hole. Beg me baby, beg me to lick you pussy he said. With my desire so high I started to beg. Please Charles lick my pussy I want you so bad. OOOOHHHH I moaned as his mouth locked down on my clit. My body shook as he started lick and sucking my clit. YYYYEEEEAAA, I cried out as my body shook. I was getting close to climax when he started fucking me with two fingers. EEEEEEE OOOOHHHH I started cuming hard as my body shook. My god I have never cum like that, I gasp. He stood up and started removing his shirt. I sat up and undid his pants. Letting them and his boxer fall to the floor. Oh my I said as his cock was not what I expected. It was covered with gray hair but I expected that. I did not expect that it would be so big and hard. His cock looked like a big dildo. Long, straight and hard as a rock with very big balls. 

Slowly and gently I grabbed his cock at the base with one hand and cupped his big balls with the other. Opening my mouth wide I sucked the big fat head into my mouth and gently started sucking. Here baby pull my skin back, he said. I moved my hand forward and pulled his foreskin back. Now try it, he said. I had never seen a cock that had not been cut before. Starting again I put it as deep in my mouth as I could before choking and then sucked hard as I slowly pulled it out. OOOHHH yes that feels so good, he moaned. Sliding it back deep again I sucked in hard pulses as and slowly pulled it out. OOOHHH yes even better. Repeating this several times he started talking more and more dirty to me. Calling me a class A number one dick sucker and the hottest tart he had ever seen. I don’t know why but it was turning me on to have this old man talking to me this way. Now lets see what that mouth of yours can do to my balls, he said. Lifting his cock upward I turned my head to the side and sucked his big balls into my mouth. My tong rolled around them as I started jacking him off slowly. OH GOD YES, he shouted approval. 

I did not want him to cum before getting his monster cock in me. Pulling my head back his balls popped out of my mouth. Laying back on the bed I spread my legs wide and said, put that big dick in me baby. He smiled as he moved between my legs. Slowly he started to press his cock in me. OH yes baby you feel so good in me, I moaned as he slowly inched deeper and deeper. 

Being a dancer I am very flexable with my legs. Grabbing the back of my thighs I pulled my legs very wide apart and back. This made it easy for Charles to get every inch in me which he did. 

You want it all in you don’t you baby, he asked. Yes please I want it all in me bad baby. His hands grabbed my breast as he started to thrust a little quicker. OOOHHH SHIT I moaned as I felt the tip of his cock reach my cervix. OH GOD YOUR BIG COCK! I screamed as he started fucking me fast with every inch. The room was filled with the smacking sound of his body slapping against mine. I could feel his big balls hitting me with every thrust. My breast were used like handles as he pulled them with every thrust. For a guy over seventy he was fucking me harder than I had ever been before. 

AAAHHH AH AH AH YE YE YYEEEAAA I was starting to cum as he continued pumping me hard.  My body shook and became tight as I started scream with my second climax. Pinching my nipples he pulled them hard and pressed his cock all the way in me. OOOHHHHH AH OHHHH I screamed out as he wiggled his hips. I had never felt my pussy so filled and streached. Oh yes baby or yes you feel so good, he said. 

We were both covered in sweat and breathing heavy. Slowly he started pumping in and out of me again. Oh my god your amazing I gasp as he started fucking me again. I still have more for you baby he said slowly pumping all the way in and then almost out. From the first moment I saw you I dreamed what it would be like to have you and now I am about to fill you with my seed. Oh no wait stop I said. I was not on the pill and since he was not wearing a rubber I knew he could get me pregnant. I have waited too long to stop now baby he said as he started thrusting faster and faster. No please don’t you can’t I gasp pressing my hands on his chest trying to make him pull out before shooting. YES OH YES OH YEEESSS he screamed as he thrust deep in me. I felt his cock wiggle as he started filling me with his cum.  His hands grabbed my hips hard and held me in place while he dropped his head back. AAAAAHHHHH feels so good he said as he finished. 

Charles I am not on any birth control, I said. Don’t worry baby I can’t get you or anyone pregnant. He explained that he had an operation years ago and could no longer get a woman pregnant. 

That night we slept together and in the morning I awoke to him sucking on my breast. I put my hand between his legs and grabbed his cock. Keeping him on his back I rolled on top of him and sat on his hips. Can a girl take a ride I said with a giggle. Hop on baby he said while still playing with my breast. Grabbing his cock I held it as I slowly slid down until I was sitting on him. OOOHHH I moaned as I slowly lowered myself down until I got all of him in me. I started working my hips up and down ridding his cock. Oh god I love your big cock in me I moaned. Charles continued sucking on my nipples and playing with my breast. That’s it baby ride me ride, he said. OOOHHH YYEESSSS I started to scream out as I was building to climax. Then I dropped down getting all his cock in me. AH AH AH AH AH AAAAHHHH I screamed out pressing myself down on his cock as my body shook with pleasure. I love your cock in me so much I whispered while trying to catch my breath. His hands rubbed my back and I laid on him. 

Go bend over the bed for my baby he said. We both got out of bed and I bent over the bed. Standing with my legs on the floor and my hands on the bed holding me up. Charles put his cock on the crack of my ass and rubbed his hands on my cheeks. You would like to get fucked all day don’t you. Yes I said looking back at him smiling. You’re a hot and nasty little slut for my dick aren’t you, he said. Yes Charles I am a nasty slut for you big cock, I said.

With that he grabbed my hips and rammed his cock all the way in me with one hard and fast thrust. AAAAAHHHHH I cried out as his balls pressed against my pussy. He started pumping in and out slowly and spanking my ass. In and out three times and then SMACK on one cheek and then three more thrust and SMACK on the other cheek. Nasty sluts get fucked and spanked like this, he said while continuing. I had never been spanked during sex before and I turned me on. He continued several times with the spanking and fucking until I was about to cum. Without warning he grabbed my hips and started pumping me hard. Is this what you want baby, he said. My tits were flopping around as I screamed out YES! He stopped spanking me as his hands grabbed my hips as he started thrusting hard. OOOOHHHHH I moaned loud as I started cuming. His cock pressed all the way in me as I climaxed loud and hard. 

You want to suck my dick baby, he asked. Oh yes baby I said as he pulled his cock out of me. I turned around and sat on the edge of the bed putting his cock before my face. It was covered with so much of my juice it shined. I grabbed his cock and pulled the skin back with both hands and started sucking it hard. Moving my head up and down quickly. Oh yes baby suck it suck it good. I sucked him with hunger as I wanted him to cum for me. Never before had I wanted a man to cum on me so bad before. Oh yes here you go, he moaned leaning forward and holding onto my head. His cock shook and swelled in my hands and his balls shrank. AAAAHHHHGGGG, he screamed as cum shot into my mouth. I sucked down the first two powerful shots and let the rest land on my face, neck and breast. 

Afterward we took a shower together and he went home. I was in love with this man that was twice my age and I did not care what anyone thought. He was sweet, caring and wonderful.